472	0	The website mentions a multi-million dollars renovation... uh? The Riviera is completely outdated, the rooms are divvy, the beds uncomfortable... the overall experience was just lame. The best part, there is no way to sleep with the air-conditioning on, in Las Vegas!!! The A/C units are too old and sound like an engine in the room. We will never go back.
505	1	Wanted a special dinner with my beautiful BAE so I made reservations on Open Table. After watching Frozen Fury (LA Kings destroyed the Colorado Avalanche) we took a Uber to the Paris Hotel.  Our table was located upstairs. We had Matthew and Tony for our waiters. Our appetizers were the Gnocchi, Sriracha Roasted Broccoli and the Mac & Cheese. All three were delicious. As you can imagine the presentations were top notch.  Our main entrees were the 8 oz. Filet for me and the American Rib Cap for her. Amazing pieces of beef.   This was my first visit to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. I love his shows (Master Chef, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares) and now I can save I love his food. Can't wait to visit another one of his establishments.
780	1	I got offered over an hour wait at a restaurant upstairs, heard this spot was a nice place to grab a quick meal, but still has a 30+ minute wait. I wanted to at least get some cosmo experience, so I ponied up to the bar here. Despite the business, A Daisy Dukes put on a good show when it came to pouring my drinks and helping me with the menu. The 'BFG' as she put it=DANK. Lamb burgers are definitely my new flavor.
1446	1	Really accessible from the strip, perhaps a 10 minute ride. Busy during lunch times so remember to come early! Format is very similar to gyukaku except the grill is the Korean BBQ grill.   Ordered the Gangnam set for 4 when there were five of us girls - more than enough food! Came with miso soup, sweet corn, oysters, shishito peppers, mushroom medley, bibimbaps, and a crap ton of meat!!! Everything was really tasty, definitely a good cure for a long weekend out in Vegas!  Service is also awesome :)!
1298	1	My girlfriend and I were really intrigued by this place because we're big fans of GR's tv shows and just the overall hype on his cooking history. This is probably the most excited we've been entering a restaurant. We expected top notch food and we got exactly that! Best onion rings ever and the burgers were insane; they had a very unprecedented flavor. We are definitely going back when we are able. 100% satisfied. From the atmosphere, to service, to the food... everything was what we expected and more. Burgr is fantastic and you should really try it. Freakin sensational.
755	1	I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary last night. It was my first time there, but I had always heard great things about this place, so I figured I'd share this as another first with my girl and I'm glad I made that decision. There's a lounge where you can just sit and have a drink by the fire (the drinks were awesome!) And the cocktail waitresses were so nice. After a few drinks, we walked over to the dining room, which had a 50's retro feel. Our server Samantha was so nice. If you're looking for a nice place to go to for chorizo and eggs, pancakes, or any other feel-good food, come down to this place and enjoy!!
713	1	Had an excellent breakfast here on May 6, but definitely could not finish it! The grilled mash potatoes were outrageous and the corned beef hash had huge pieces of corn beef in it.  I really liked the industrial feel to the decor, very cute.  Service was excellent too.  We had  a bit of a wait, but only about 20 minutes and it was worth it! Excellent quality and taste!
7	0	Allergy to onions. Food came out with onions. Waited 15 minutes for drinks. No apology from the server. And she charged us for a side of mushrooms...which we never ordered nor did we receive. Manager said she could "look into it," but we had a flight to catch. I suggest waiting in line for ANY other restaurant before getting sat here right away...chances are you'll wait the same amount anyway.
1608	1	Pardon my French when I say that Bouchon is f*#$%^& superb!   My friend and I made plans in advance to have brunch here. Unfortunately, we later discovered that brunch is only served on weekends. Instead, we chose to have a late breakfast. Bouchon only takes reservations for dinner, so it's first come, first served for breakfast and lunch. We arrived at around 11:00am on a Tuesday. The restaurant wasn't busy, but we did have to wait for about 10 minutes in their sectioned off wait area.   APPETIZER Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (2.5 oz) with toasted baguettes: I hate liver. Naturally, I had some qualms about trying foie gras, but I was still game for it and kept an open mind. The foie gras' flavor really surprised me: It's smooth, buttery, and it didn't taste anything like liver with its irony "twang." I really can't describe its flavor other than it gets better with each taste. Spread it  on a slice of toasted baguette and gently rub some of the accompanying salt -- your taste buds will thank you. The amount we ordered was more than enough for the two of us.  BREAKFAST Croque Madame: Although located on the lunch menu, it makes for a great breakfast entree. Basically, this is the ultimate ham and cheese sandwich topped with a fried egg. What really makes this sandwich awesome is the mornay sauce, which is a white, creamy cheese sauce that's poured on top. To really push your carb intake to the edge, a large serving of french fries comes with this order.   For caffeine junkies, order the coffee. I like how it's neither too weak nor too strong. What I also like is how you can have your coffee to go.  OVERALL Future brunch and dinner plans were discussed between my friend and myself during our breakfast. I think that's suffice to say that we'll be returning. Bouchon is as close to Europe as you'll get in Vegas. There's no rush to finish your meal. The server isn't going to place your bill on the table minutes after your food arrives. Dining here really allows you to savor your meal and to enjoy the company your with.
1087	0	This place was gross and dirty. The waitstaff/hostesses were kind of rude and gave us the run around on how to get a table/how long it would take to wait (they had plenty of open tables but made us give our phone number and told us to wait 25 mins for a text and then come back, we got the text 30 seconds later LOL whatever). I've been to the real location in New York and this one is nothing like it. The decor is rundown and ratty and the place is DIRTY. I'm talking visibly grimy (picture the cleanliness of an older McDonalds). Both my food and my companion's food were gross. Please spare yourself the somewhat high price and go somewhere else (if you're craving breakfast food later in the day, there's a great waffle place across the street by Bally's). I gave 2 stars because nothing terrible actually happened but it was very bad.
458	0	This was a disappointment.  Everything looked good, but when I tried it, all the food on my plate was cold (pasta, fish, etc.).  I ended up eating nothing but the crab legs and mussels because they were okay cold.  It was odd because the crab plate was steaming.  Eventually I figured out that if I dug crab legs out from the bottom of the pile and avoided the legs on top they'd be warm, but by then I was pretty full.  Like all the other buffets we tried in Vegas, they expect you to tip before you are even seated.  If you don't want to give a gratuity for service you have not received and you don't carry cash, the only option you have is to stiff the server.
783	1	What a fantastic place this is!!! I'm not just saying this as a HUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay, but I'm saying this as a burger monster!! My husband and I woke up after a late night in vegas, just to go stand in line to get a taste of Burgr and it was worth all of it!!! We started off with the roasted jalapeno poppers, which were served in individual little shot glasses with the sauce at the bottom. They were delicious. Definitely one of the best I've tasted. My husband ordered a cocktail, while I decided to go with the Shakes - Shake #1 which was a chocolate shake with caramel pudding (yes pudding!)... We ordered the uber cheese burger and the southern yardbird burger with a side of truffle parmesan fries. The burgers were cooked to perfection. The staff was friendly, efficient and helpful. All in all a five star experience and I will definitely go back there!
805	1	The wife and I came here for lunch and we were very impressed! The restaurant had a hip, stylish vibe with the fire decor in the front. Great menu with plenty of more-than-basic options to choose from. I ordered the fish and chips sandwich which was great! She ordered a jalapeo burger and truffle fries which were amazing as well. Only down fall was the two drunk idiots that sat down at our table and started making out.... WTH JUST HAPPENED! The waitress asked if they were with us and quickly got them out HAHA maybe have a railing around the outside table so no one thinks that there's open seating??? Other than the drunken stupidity, I loved every bit of it and definitely recommend going!
1707	1	Who would've thought that foul mouthed, temper flaring, firecracker of a chef Gordon Ramsay could pull off such a MEOWWWW of a restaurant?!   I dig it. I dig it a lot.  You'll fit right in with that super short, tight black dress and sky high heels. The in-your-face, very sexy red throughout the restaurant grabs your attention as soon as you walk in. Up the coolness factor by ordering cocktails on an ipad and then have a hard time choosing what to eat because everything LOOKS. SO. GOOD.  And because we're in Vegas, it's just fitting to have a steak cart presentation tableside. Drool over every cut of MMMeat available from steaks to Wagyu to chops. (drool over the sexy patrons as well!)  The bone-in ribeye is marvelous, darling! simply melt in your mouth. Of course, being the foie gras lover that I am, I ordered this as a topper for my steak with bone marrow sauce. (I'M GOING ALL IN!) The grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes are excellent sides. The bread basket? don't be a fool to skip it.   Sleek and stylish design with a high-energy vibe, phenomenal service and oh la la EVERYTHING?   Gordon Ramsay, you've got one helluva restaurant.
1114	1	What and Amazing Experience! The food was flavorful, freshly prepared, and spot on! What an amazing wine list - my friend is a Sommelier - was mesmerized by the variety and affordable price point. The only thing that I have to say negative is that the service is not nearly as OUTSTANDING as the food!
1469	0	One of the worst Vegas hotels I have been to. Needs to be badly remodeled. Very uncomfortable beds. Mediocre costumer service. The only positive thing I have to say about them is that they did not create a fight when I check out earlier and demanded a refund for the night that was not stayed. Although, it was through hotels.com. Will never return here!
1016	0	This review is based on the wait, I hope the food will make up for it or I will be extremely upset. On a Sunday, we got here at 12:15 and was told 30-40 minute....cool that's fine we will go gamble for that time frame. We get a text at 1:22 that our table is ready, more than 30-40 mins but no big deal. We get into the restaurant and order food by 1:33pm, we really wanted the lunch/dinner menu but was told it doesn't begin until 2pm and are told that we could go out and wait for 30 minutes if we like....ummm ok....so at 2:15 our food is delivered to our table...so we couldn't just order off of the menu we wanted and wait but our food doesn't arrive until 2:15? Ok...not cool...oh btw there are 3 of us ordered chicken and waffles, Cobb salad and a breakfast burger smh.  Update food was terrible.
1294	0	Not sure what happened to this place. I ate here on my previous trip to Vegas in 2006 and the food was decent, but this time, the breakfast buffet was pretty bad. The eggs literally had water sitting in the bottom of the pan and were beyond mushy and some of the other food just didn't look appetizing. We ate here 2 mornings and one morning we got this humongous glass of OJ and the other morning we got a glass of OJ that was meant for a baby...pretty weird and trying to get our servers attention on the 2nd visit for refills was pretty impossible. The highlight of the buffet was the omelette station. You can pretty much customize what you want in it, and is made to order; the wait was only around 5 minutes for one. Honestly, the only reason we ate here 2 mornings was because we had coupons from staying at PH and it was cheaper than the cafe in the hotel. We were pretty selective on our tastings the 2nd trip though.
584	0	What a joke of an establishment.   Rude staff. 20 minutes for a drink order. Aloof when taking order. Aloof when bringing food. Sarcastic when asking if we needed anything else.   Disgusting food. That's a tough thing for me to say because never would I say food is disgusting if it truly wasn't.   Cold fries. Who the hell serves up cold fries nowadays?!  Onion rings made out of the outer rind of the onion. You know, the first layer under the peel? Yeah that tough one that you don't eat.   Fish tacos. What a joke! Raw and cold.   Wagyu sliders. Dry like the Vegas desert. It was so bland it was comical.    Will never ever ever step foot here nor recommend it to anyone. Don't waste your time. For vegas being the home to fantastic dining, do not! For the price of this place, go to a fabulous steakhouse instead.  And to the "chefs" working that night-- shame on you! If there was an ounce of pride in what you do, it wouldn't have reflected so damn POORLY in what was served! Shame on you!
1071	0	For some reason I always here people raving about Tao.  Maybe it just wasn't the right night when I went?  Thank goodness I didn't pay to get in- my girl and I got hooked up by one of the promoters running around.  We were ushered in right away which is great because I hate waiting in line.    The place was so croweded we could barely move through.  The masses of people surrounding the bar spilled into the dancefloor area.  Everyone was drunk and falling all over each other.  The main dancefloor area is also sunken and I managed to slip on one of the two steps down (c'mon, ladies are in four inch heels! steps?!?!).  The suuuper high ceilings may appeal to some people but it just felt like a warehouse to me.  I don't know, I just didn't like it.
1658	0	HUGE.  CROWDED.  drunk girls peeing behind clear glass doors (they forget to flip the privacy switch).  This place is impressive, but try tryst, or guess XS, for something better.  I will say we got in for free by claiming to know somebody, didn't have to wait in line.  Bouncers here like to yell at people though.
913	1	Seriously the best burgers I have ever eaten. My friends and I go to Vegas several times a year and we always go to Bachi Burger several times each trip. You have to try the Kalbi burger and the truffle fries. The sodas are great too. Don't hesitate to try something new because EVERYTHING is so good there.
348	1	I wished this place existed when I attended UNLV. This place carries a lot of value with the amount of different (yet satisfying) portions/packages that even a poor college student can afford.  My friend and I got the most basic Las Vegas package since we're hungry but obviously not capable of eating a feast by ourselves. It was $45/person and the amount of food cannot be more fulfilling. You get the tradition side dishes + a house salad, along with rice, sauces and miso soup to go along with your proteins that includes beef, spicy chicken, garlic shrimp and pork.  You are however required to cook things yourself comparing to places like Honey Pig when a server would occasionally stop by and manage your food. The place wasn't busy at the time we were dining so the servers volunteered to rotate our proteins for us as we were engaged in a deep conversation catching up on life- What a nice touch.   The ambiance of this place is on the smaller size but comfortable at the least. The service was friendly and attentive and most importantly, the food was amazing for the price that you're paying. I wasn't sure if it was Happy Hour when we dined but when we received our tab, it only came out to be $55. A lot less from what I was expected to pay (hey I'm not complaining) but regardless of it being a mistake or not, I'll happily return.
1774	1	I am in love.  Nutella!  Amazing coffee!  Wish that they would expand their menu of sweet crepes!  Go to the restaurant (up the elevators).  It is cheaper than the "to go" stand in the casino.  I ordered my food to go a couple of times from the restaurant without a problem.  Yum!
1602	1	Great place! It's still decorated in that "old Vegas" style with neon and mirrors everywhere. Very cool looking place! The food is outstanding and they serve a full menu 24 hours a day. The portions are large and very filling. It's a decent value considering how much food you get here. I would definitely recommend not missing out on The Peppermill whenever you are in town!
24	0	Yeah this place is so unfriendly to guys its not even funny. Granted I was with my family so clubbing was more of an afterthought instead of the main event. We didn't have time to go look for passes or get on the guestlist. We get there around 11:30pm. Yeah yeah sorry for being a tourist first. We wait in line for 25 mins in the general admission line and its 20 bucks each.. Me and 3 girls equals 80 bucks WTF. I think tao doesn't know there's a recession or maybe doesn't care. I should have seen it when they walk 12 girls in and 2 mins later they all walk out. If I was with the guys I would have followed them instead going inside. What are they thinking, hot girls never want to pay cover. I did see some guy get in with the laced vans though.  when we get in its a huge cluster f#*k as usual. No room to dance or do anything. We go and head to the bar. 4 drinks were 67 bucks plus tips. At least the bartenders are fast and courteous. It doesn't matter because the marketing genius behind tao wants to shoot foam into the air everywhere, especially into your drink so you can go buy another. Forget about my $300 blazer.   Oh I wanna give a big F U to one of the bouncers. I had this glowstick with me from a concert I brought into the club. I started ravin' out for kicks. Some hot chick on the 'girls catwalk' sees me and asks for it. I ask the bouncer if I can give to her in person. He goes naw, I can't let you walk through the VIP tables... I give it to the bouncer and he walks it over. She blows me a kiss and walks down from the catwalk. I try to going through crowd to meet up but I never see her again. Thanks Mr. cockblocker, you made my night.
1937	1	Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:  a. Take a long time. b. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.    highlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels.    i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
804	0	Girls hold on to your pocket purses. This is the 2nd time I've been here and a girl I'm with has had something stolen from them. Whether it be a phone or a credit card. Security did nothing, the hell can they do besides stand there and look "pretty"? Nice area but I wouldn't call it safe regardless of how many dudes you see with suits. They're there for show. Maybe they're letting too many shady dudes in for free on slow nights. And in case you're wondering, these were straight pick-pocketing cases. I wouldn't call it negligence. Thank you Vegas, I guess I'm just a small percentage of your shitty cases. Anthony Delgado the "manager" and Jeff shepherd did nothing to help the situation but blame us. disturb wooden piling broiled specially elegant checkedin reported china substance lychee k pairings criticism secluded
273	0	I was pretty stoked to check this place out, being a big Sammy Hagar fan, but I was pretty damn disappointed when it finally came to trying it out.  Dad and I went down for lunch, and we had a Groupon that was good for $30. We popped in around 12:30 PM, and it was already a difficulty just to find someone to seat us. There was no waitress around to seat us, so the hostess had us wait at the podium for a few minutes, and then she finally sat us herself. At this point, it was no biggie.  We sat down, and a waitress came up and took our drink order pretty quick...very friendly girl. She brought us some chips and salsa, which were pretty good.  I ordered the 4-item combo plate with a Carne Asada soft taco, a Chicken soft taco, a beef enchilada, and a chicken enchilada ($19) . Dad ordered Chicken nachos ($13). Let me just say, this is HIGHLY overpriced food.   The food was brought out, and we marvelled at how little was actually on our plates. Dad's nachos consisted of eight chips with chicken and cheese centered around a scoop of guacamole. To make matters worse, they were extremely bland.  My food was more of the same disappointment. I had asked for my soft tacos with just meat and cheese only, and they were PILED with stuff. When I finally wiped everything off, the meat didn't even taste great at all. It was all extremely bland. The rice was okay, but the enchiladas were HORRIFIC. I've never tasted worse green sauce in my entire life.  Throughout the meal, there was this annoying bus boy who hovered around our table. Whenever we would pause in eating, he would run up to our table and ask if he could take our plate. He did this three or four times, and every time he seemed to get cockier. Let us eat our mediocre food in peace!!  After all was said and done, I'm glad we had a Groupon...though I wished I hadn't even spent the time eating there. Avoid!
576	1	Love going to Burger Bar at Mandalay Place.  Great selection of different burgers from the buffalo patty to the Kobe along with a large selection of toppings and offerings.  I've had the American Classic many times with cheese and bacon for a nice juicy burger.  The hangover burger is great with the coleslaw topping and it definitely helps after a night of drinking as its name suggests.  Full service bar to eat when dining room is full is a plus and the friendly staff make sure the order is right every time.  The onion rings are super crispy and cooked to perfection every time.  Sometimes I'll do the fat fries that complements the burger of choice well.  Great place to watch current sports events while dining on a delicious burger.  The mini tvs located in the dining booths are a great idea and makes it feel like watching tv at home and having a meal.
1497	1	Possibly the best meatball pizza here in Vegas, I would go back just for another slice of it.  Not horrible price wise, but it's not dirt cheap either.  I had a slice of meat lovers pizza and a slice of the mushroom pizza (meh) and a root beer for $11.75, so you can ballpark it from there.  It's awesome quality pizza, with a thin yet crispy crust that actually holds up pretty well.  It's really standing room at counters only, but you can find a few stools to sit on, and it's cool that they have an old school pinball machine and an old video game machine too.
1691	0	Vegas, in many, many ways, has it all wrong. Their motto should not be that it's some sort of city-wide ziplock sealing so tightly that not even vapors can escape, the metaphorically alluded-to "municipality as black hole". No. Their motto should be one more truthful and perhaps more pithy. That new motto of which I speak would go something like this: Nothing exceeds like excess.  And perhaps no place encapsulates that better than this place. Want to know what's in the dessert case? Well you can just walk (or waddle) yourself over there and go look. The dessert menu has five things on it (order any of these and they're huge). The dessert case has probably 5X that, but damn if they will tell you what that is. The menu itself has a number of things on it. Order any of them but appetizers and they come on a cookie sheet. This not only does wonders for the carefully crafted ambiance, but adds a flair of mystery to things. For instance, I can't begin to imagine the food waste this place must go through, but I'm betting they toss a lot more than anyone ever eats.   Actually, given the flavor, this is almost a guarantee. I can almost hear you smacking your lips right now? You mean to say we can get a bunch of substandard - and here, this word is best - "grub", served by some very smarmy prick who looks vaguely like Fred Arminsen, but is far from funny or even amusing (wait, maybe it is Fred Arminsen!), yet has a full-tilt condescending attitude that all but insists we should be grateful he can be deigned to bother with us mere mortals. Maybe that's it. Maybe the wait staff in this elegantly laid out pristine and serene little oasis from the flood of body odor and stale cigarette smoke isn't here for us, but rather that we're here for them. Now I know why I flew here. I wonder if it would be an insult if I tipped 150%...I'm in but I have to get back out somehow.  Then again, it's a great deal, if you get a lot, right? It may be expensive, but at least it's mediocre! Expensive is the nature of the biz in Vegas and comes with the territory and so, apparently, does throwing any old thing in front of people.  This place clearly doesn't care about patrons coming in and out and is one of the more jaded places I've seen. Maybe they ought to just throw all in and go for "Citizen" by way of the old Soviet Union. I'm thinking a food line with metal bowls and plates. The only thing served will be potato soup with cabbage and garlic, along with a small roll that may or may not be moldy. Drink choices are cheap vodka or brackish water. If nothing else, it would at least accurately mirror the contempt for the customers this place clearly seems to have.  Also, like everything else in Vegas, this place is loud.
1641	1	I love this place. Probably the cheapest and most reasonable restaurant at this hotel. The line is long but I promise it's worth the wait. Pizza is not even one of my favorite foods, but I LOVE eating here. The most entertaining thing of this restaurant is being completely sober and coming her after the club closes to see all the drunks. hehehehehe
1069	0	March 25th, 2011  Ordered:  Special Sandwich  Ham/Cheese Croissant  Iced Coffee  Deep Fried Balls covered w/ Seasame (I don't know the name ha)  Fried Egg Rolls  Pros: * awesome layout.. The biggest Lee's I've seen! * Lots of free samples to try. * express line available for strictly pastries and coffee orders * They have a room available for banquets and private affairs.  Cons: * Rock Hard baguette bread ! * Minimal selection of asian sandwiches * congested with traffic. * I order deep fried pastries for dessert and they threw it in the same bag as my fried egg rolls.. who does that??  Tips: * Go down the street to Mr. Sandwich * I'm not a coffee fan, but its strong and good according to my gf * easy on the ice for the ice coffee would be a most wise request.    Okay, so I came during grand opening and ribbon cutting, which explains the crazy traffic (but I attempted to come again a few days later and it was still busy so I opted for good ol' Mr. Sandwich).  I've had Lee's before in California and remember taking a liking to it, but man their baguette's are just super hard!  The express lane was nice for those coffee drinkers and pastry lovers, but I was here for sandwiches.  The disappointing thing is that they tried to have a diverse palette of sandwiches by throwing in american sandwiches (ham and cheese) on croissant bread.  If I wanted an American sandwich, I'd go to Subway (or better yet Port-O-Subs).  The option of American sandwiches was interesting at first, but it isn't even tasty. Sure this added diversity, but it also limited their selection of Eurasian sandwiches.  I understand Lee's is a big name and the opening ceremony was a blast, but it just didn't win me over.  Will I be back?  Sure, but only because I got a free $5.00 gift card for coming during the grand opening.  Aside from that, I'm good with Hue Thai's or Mr. Sandwich for my Asian Sandwich cravings.
550	1	The people are right!  The food is fantastic and the coffee is great.  Strong and not for the light hearted. I asked about the chicken and waffles but was told the chicken Benedict was the most popular dish so I ordered it.  It can easily feed two and maybe even three people.  Everything was delicious and the portions are obscenely huge.   The wait was worth it although we heard the closer to 9am the more likely you'll get seated quickly. We arrived in Sunday at 11am and had to wait 30 minutes.
1884	0	We stayed at MGM for the weekend, and didn't have a plan for Saturday brunch. Despite the mixed reviews, we really wanted to do a cheesy Vegas brunch buffet.  The good: We had fantastic service at this buffet! Our waiter was really attentive, and kept the mimosas flowing! He even sent us each home with a "coffee" cup to go filled to the brim with the good stuff :)  The bad:  Long line to get in. Bonus was that we played the $.05 slots and turned $5 into $20 -  enough to cover just over 1/2 of 1 person's breakfast (yes, you read that correctly). Once you pay at the front, you are put into a second line that is divided by table size (1-4pax, 5-9 pax, etc). We were only a group of 3, and the 1-4 line moved fairly quickly. Still took about 20 minutes from arrival to sitting down, despite lots of tables being open inside.  The ugly:  The price for quality of food. You almost can't find a brunch buffet for less than $35, and MGM definitely came in just shy of that. Still ridiculously expensive, but everything is on the strip! The quality of the food, however, was really poor and definitely not worth the money. Powdered eggs, microwaved bacon, soggy sushi, guacamole from a pouch....I could go on but I think you get the idea. While there is a huge variety of food to choose from, none of it was very good.   Wish we'd skipped it.
1400	0	I gave Aria hotel a 5 star review for being fabulous, so it makes me sad to give its buffet 2 stars. The food was just awful and tasted like it came straight from an elementary school's cafeteria. There was nothing I enjoyed except for the decor and cool multi-color lights, and believe me I tried about 90% of the food. The crab legs were so salty I did not even need butter, and the consistency was almost like that of imitation crab meat.   To add salt to the wound, there wasn't even bottomless mimosas added to the $30 per person charge. Tisk tisk. Don't buffet managers know that in order for customers to eat crappy food, they need to be a little intoxicated?
304	1	This is probably the best Thai food I have ever had.  The menu is extensive, and I do not think you can go wrong with whatever you order.  I will share my favorites though:  * Tom Yum Kai Soup: a little sour, a little spicy, but a lot of flavor * Crispy Duck with Mint and Chili: very crispy duck skin flavored with just the right amount of spice * Drunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab: I am not sure why this is called drunken noodles, but it did not make me drunk. * Nua Yang Panang (Charbroiled beef with Thai red curry and cognac): This did make me a little drunk...
1556	1	I grabbed a salad from here for dinner four different nights during my stay at the Venetian. The staff was genuinely friendly and the prices were very reasonable for Vegas. The Grand Lux Cafe is the place to go for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you want an easy and inexpensive meal.
1544	0	Service was very slow! We had to wait about an hour til we get our food. We didnt order appetizers because we thought our orders were simple enough. I ordered fish and chips (it's on the specialties list) and the fish was overcooked.  Hubs ordered fish tacos.   Host was lovely. Waitress not so much. If you are hungry or pressed for time, do not come here!!
1109	0	So yeah, after a girl's night out on the strip, I woke up and was starving at 10a.m. on a Sunday. A friend and I ventured out together to look for some food to nourish my belly. We found this spot randomly while walking around the Cosmo, and got enticed into eating here thinking that starchy foods (rice and noodles) with some greasy (mexican) would be the best fit for my physical, mental, and emotional state.    I got the crazy nachos topped with a fried egg, because who doesn't like some greasy food to coat the stomach after a hard night of drinking. It was their attempt at a "fancy" gourmet chillaquillas. It was mehhhhhhhhhhh. Even my desperate hung over state couldn't appreciate this.   I shared some shiu-mai for 13 bucks, and that was a disappointment. We also split some tacos (barbacoa and cochinta). Barcacoa was whatever, but that cochinta was quite unforgettable. It had some crispy pork that gave it a nice crunch. The toppings were amazeballs. I'd skip everything and come back for this one taco.   I think I drank about 7 glasses of water, because it tasted sooooo dang good. I totally thought it was some special water, only to find out from the waitress who said, "Oh, it's just tap water." Yeah, that was embarrassing. The food was overpriced, but those 7 glasses of water kinda sorta made up for our meh brekkie meal and hefty $50 bill.  Next time I come back, I'll be ordering two Cochinta tacos and drinking 10 glasses of TAP water.
869	1	I'm disappointed by a lot of breakfast joints, but this one was AMAZING.  If I could I would eat here everyday.    I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles, the portion was literally bigger than my head and was the best tasting chicken and waffles I've ever eaten.  Also, the waffles were stuffed with full sized strips of bacon.  Disclaimer : Everything brought to the table was dressed with a sprig of sage, so maybe sage is just their thing, but it's delicious.
603	1	The hype is true, Burger Bar is the best place in Vegas for a Burger. Must have the buffalo on onion bread. Once you're done devouring your creation take a walk in order to make room for dessert. Create your own milkshake with liquor. Awesome service.
423	1	(read the following review to the tune of bobby brown's "every little step")  i can't sleep at night, i toss and turn dreamin' about the peppermill but i get a crave so i'm all choked up can't believe i need another fill and as a matter of fact, it blows my mind how delicious your dessert drinks can be because the drinks you do is a dream come true a real life fantasy  no matter where i am in vegas i've found a great place to love and we will be together, drinking grasshoppers forever it's like that, it's like that  every little vegas trip i take i will go there every little vegas trip i make i'll be at the peppermill yeah.....  the peppermill brings tacky-chic to a whole new level. first of all, don't tell me you don't love plastic foliage, red and blue neon lights, AND fire shooting out of the middle of a watery pit. i sure as hell can't get enough of this place and i don't say this because i'm intoxicated. i say this out of pure, on bended knees kind of love. try their "grasshopper," an alcoholic mint milk shake that flows smoothly through your straw, and i swear, YOU will be as smitten as i am. happy drinking folks! you won't regret it!
1930	0	Gone downhill recently. No 'fish' at the fishmonger - only cheap crab. Pasta chef never knew what basic dishes were and the selection all round was on the lower end of the scale.  I guess the Mirage hotel is trying to appeal to the budget customer and sets product choice to match.
148	1	I came here specifically for the Urth Burger with no intention to even glance at the milkshake section of the menu. But somehow my eyes were caught by the words "Guava Float."  Damn, that sounds good. Skyy Citrus Vodka, house-made guava soda, coconut sorbet, pink bubble sugar, completely dairy-free! I just had to order it. Damn... http://su.pr/1OTBxJ  Sipping on this fruity paradise made the atmosphere a little more tolerable. You see, I had flown into Vegas early that morning, spent most of the afternoon walking all around the strip and all I wanted was a quiet relaxing dinner. Little did I know that the Marquee nightclub was right next door and Holsteins tries to draw in that Saturday night crowd with a DJ playing loud booming music and having the waitresses wear short, tight, red dresses. But somehow, the Guava Float ($11) made all of that tolerable. I couldn't taste the booze but I was feeling that buzz :)  The Urth Burger ($13) was rockin! House-made vegan patty, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, sprouts & avocado. Yummmmmm!!! The skinny fries that it came with were also dangerously addictive. http://su.pr/2KKpvM  The artwork in here, which I think is created by a local artist, is kickass! One of my favorites: http://su.pr/6tjK9n  As good as everything was, it was also extremely filling. Thank goodness for leftovers that save me money while in Vegas! And yes, next day Urth Burger with skinny fries are still good!  Great food, great service, fun atmosphere. Who would've thought that a vegan can not only survive but be amazed by a burger & milkshake restaurant! Viva Las Vegas :)
1073	1	I stopped at Holsteins for lunch today........I grabbed a seat at the bar and decided to order the Nom Nom Burger.  Its a Burger with a Kobe Beef Patty, Potato Chips, Fried Egg, Cheese and Thousand Island Dressing.  When the Burger arrived, it looked awesome.....the Kobe Beef Patty was huge and the Bun was just the right size.....about 1/2 inch smaller than the patty.  One bite and I was in Heaven....so juicy and full of beef flavor.  The Shoestring Fries was good.....and the two bartenders was freaking HOT!!  In fact.....all around me were HOT GIRLS!  A great Burger and HOT GIRLS!  I love this place!
1543	1	Amazing!!!!! Great service, delicious food. If you are in the area you must try this place out. Skillets, omelette are very good. Fresh baked muffins are delish. We found this place last year and heading out to Vegas this weekend, for sure we will be stoping by.
1396	1	My family and I were visiting from out of town and this place was a MUST GO on my 11 year olds to do list in Vegas.  We went to the Hash House Thursday night for the first time ever and they were already closed however, the waitress asked her Manager Lupe if they would accept us and Lupe gladly took us. We ended up leaving because some of our other friends wanted to join us but figured it would be too much to ask to accommodate a group of 13 after business hours so we decided to leave after all.  On Saturday we decided to revisit for brunch.  We had a group of 6 and waited for approximately 20 minutes for a table.  We received our order within 15-20 minutes after ordering and the place was pretty packed.  After receiving our order the Manager, Lupe approached our table and asked if we were the same group that came late Thursday evening and left, I was very surprised she remembered us.  She thanked us for coming back and glad we decided to revisit.  She brought over a huge plate of the famous waffles with bacon inside on the house.  Very nice gesture.   Everything we ordered was amazingly DELICIOUS!!!! Since being back home in San Francisco, that's all my husband brags about.  The portions are HUGE!  My family and I can't wait to revisit Vegas so that we can stop by and see Lupe and team.  I can't remember our waitress's name but he was vey knowledgeable and awesome!!! Thanks Hash House for the great experience!!! Lupe you ROCK!!!!
145	0	I'm about to go on a Vegas binge sometime soon, this review was supposed to come earlier but I've been busy this whole year! Anyways, I digress, here are some quick tips:  1. At time of writing, Bayside Buffet does still have discounts through MyVegas the facebook/iphone app.   2. Strategic timing is key. If you come at 10:45 AM for Breakfast M-F, you can get in for $17.99 and then stay for lunch when it's bumped up to $21.99. This is just common Vegas buffet savvy though! However, this DOES NOT work for dinner as it does start at 4:30 PM regardless of the day.  3. Brunch begins at 7:00-2:30 on Saturdays/Sundays.   We rolled in on a lazy Saturday afternoon around 1:00 PM towards the tail end of brunch. We knew that there might be a lot of people waiting to get in, but we weren't prepared to see that the line was pretty much completely empty. Regardless, we walked up presented our MyVegas discount to get in for 2 for 1 without problems, and then walked up to the buffet.  I remember around twelve years back heading to the Bayside for the best crab and the best desserts on the strip. A lot has changed for the worse. It seemed as though almost everything that we had was either lukewarm or cold. Even things that were supposed to be under heat lamps were still cold!  Still, being hungry, we decided to sample what they had to offer. I picked up various pieces of meat from the grill, some italian dishes, and tried their sushi. One of the things I figured out quickly was their was really low quality and the steaks that they had were mostly tasteless and full of gristle.  Furthermore, the pasta sauces were watered down and the sushi was a complete utter joke. Then again, sushi at Vegas buffets are usually not really top notch at all, but this was just seaweed covered disgusting, cold, and hard rice.  The dessert section was not any better. Most of the stuff was melting and leftover chocolate streaks from stuff already taken by other guests was all over the plates. Most places at least replace the plates that food was taken off of.  Anyways, what upset my girlfriend and I the most was one particular dish. There was a baked rolled up piece of salmon that seemed like it was going to be hot. As I cut into it and opened it up, I discovered that the inside seemed to be raw. Note, this was not some sort of fancy salmon tartar or salmon sashimi, this was supposed to be a baked piece of salmon that was fully cooked.   Anyways, I notified the waiter who promised to talk to the chef. I watched this interaction to see what would happen. The chef talked with the waiter, looked at the fish, set it down, and went back to laughing and talking to another coworker. The waiter came back and told me that the chef said it was cooked, but when I asked for the waiter's opinion he told me he wouldn't have eaten it because it looked raw.   At this point, I asked for a manager. I couldn't believe that the chef would be so careless with his guests. If he truly believed that the fish was cooked, then he should have come back and served that piece of fish to me. Instead, he didn't even come to hear my feedback or anything. Anyways, the manager chewed out the chef, took note that really almost everything was cold, and also comped our meal. So props to the manager who deserves 5 stars, but the rest of the buffet deserves 0 stars.  I would not come back to the Bayside Buffet, but perhaps your experience will be better! Best of luck to you all! :)
593	0	I know the servers are supposed to be "wise crackers" but there is a difference between being witty and being a complete ass. I can handle jokes.  When we sat down our bartender, Shane, barely even gave us the time of day. I didn't feel welcomed at all. I really felt like I was bothering him, and that is a very uncomfortable feeling.  Needless to say we didn't stay for dinner. We paid for our drinks and left. And Shane if you are still looking for your tip here it is... Don't be such a complete jack ass. How's that for a tip.
1687	1	This location is really convenient if you're done with class and want to settle for some good food and cheap beers. This is also located near the Kiss mini putt putt if you're trying to take someone on a cheap date.   I definitely receive my money's worth here, especially for it being a non AYCE Korean BBQ restaurant. The service is fast and friendly. The food is consistently delicious and you really can't beat the happy hour deals. I actually spent less money here for two people than if we were to go to any other AYCE. The pork belly and bulgolgi are really tender and even with a slight char from the grill, they never got overcooked.
1476	0	You know that one all-you-can-eat dining hall on your undergraduate college campus? That's where I felt like I was when I stepped foot into the spice market.  I spent most of my time chowing down on the crab legs to get the best bang for my buck, and succeeded with crushing atleast 3 full plates of them, but  I also tried to stuff myself with some of the other buffet offerings. The crab legs themselves were pretty good, but I've had better. Nothing else I tried was really all that great. The baked desserts were dry, the soups were overly salty, and the other foods did not taste very fresh.  Priced at $35/pp my first Vegas buffet experience was pretty disappointing, and I was expecting so much more... but no worries, it's definitely not my last. At least they had a mexican bar where I could make my own guac and chips? Guac is my kryptonite.
1528	0	Can't think of much good to say about this place.  Don't go for food, and not sure I would recommend the bar either.  There was a smell of rancid trash that would waft out of the kitchen occasionally and the service was poor.    Unless you are a teenager or a college student that just wants to get drunk, avoid this place like the plague.
628	0	This restaurant was definitely quite pricey for the quality of food they serve. The food was mediocre at best, with the highlight being the free hot fudge sundae (we had a coupon). The food was incredibly heavy and honestly, didn't feel much better than your local Olive Garden/Cheesecake Factory. This place is kind of crowded, especially on weekends and you definitely have to make reservation at least a day ahead of time (don't know why, nothing so great here).  The service was also very odd. Our waitress changed her attitude very clearly after we decided to not order alcoholic drinks. Not only that, she was serving a table next to us and she was definitely speaking to them inappropriately about something, telling the other table that they should not be doing certain things due to the fact that she will get in trouble for it (waiters should not be saying this to customers). She also went into a long-winded story with them about how she got into trouble. She spoke incredibly loudly and even in the loud restaurant, I could hear her from when she was serving the other table near us. This definitely made us feel very uncomfortable there.  Probably won't come back again, since there's plenty of other awesome restaurants in Vegas.
540	1	Great service, delicious and fresh food (e.g. the squid in seafood pancake was supreme tender and fresh).would definitely return,but come earlier or.later to avoid the prime time. Only 11 regular tables so easy to end up with an hour wait. Totally yummy and worth it though!
794	0	I would like to know if the food or service is good... I will never know.  My sons wanted chicken wings... Figured we would call ahead to see what the seating situation was like... No answer.  Looked up phone numbers for restaurant.  No answer over 2 hour period of calling at least 6 times.  Called main desk.  They asked extensive questions on when we would come, how many... I was getting tired of this and said, "I'll just place an order for carry-out."  "One moment please.  I will transfer you to the restaurant."  Still no answer.   It must be nice that business is so good on a Sunday that you cannot even pick up the phone.  I guess you don't need my money anyway.
519	1	GREAT LOCAL FIND! Good place to eat. I love their drink selections, and their food. I'm a big fan of kimchee and beef so my favorite burger has to be the Kalbi burger. I also like the Ronin burger. I mean who doesn't love fried egg and katsu in their burger. Right? Their fries are awesome! I recomment the garlic parmesan fries are awesome. LOADED with flavor. Very garlicy and lost of parmesan in it if you like that. If you want to go for a softer tasting flavor for fries I'd say the sweet potatoes. Those go really well with the Kalbi burger. I also might suggest that you try at least ONE drink that isn't a coke or pepsi product. Their beverages are one of a kind, and tastey. So be brave! Try one of them. The feel of the place is very simple, hip, and urban. Easy enough. It doesn't have all the extra mumbo jumbo or glitz and glamour of the strip. So if you are looking for a casual place to eat with great service. Try it! I swear it is an experience!
1211	0	Nothing special.  Just like other mentioned, they are like Denny's happened to be at the Bellagio.  If you are Denny's kind of person, this is a place for you but be ready to pay Bellagio price.   They prioritize seating for Mlife members but not for the hotel guests.  You will be asked to be in the same line with bunch of other random tourists just visiting for the conservatory.  Noisy!!  You are expected to get fed and go.   If you are staying at Bellagio, go to the Pool cafe which only opens for the hotel guests.  They are soooo much better than this Denny's.
1672	1	Delicious!! We watch Gordon Ramsay's shows and were excited to try his food. The shake my husband had was incredible, an Oreo shake topped with creme brle pudding! We went around 12 on a weekday and had a very short wait. Great service, food came quickly. I recommend the shake #4, roasted jalapeo poppers, southern yardbird burger, and Hell's Kitchen burger. I didn't love the fries but everything else exceeded my expectations!
1648	1	Needs to be renamed "Everyone and their mama's know this pizza joint" Pizza.  The line is ridiculously long after a night of drinking/clubbing.  There's a reason why there's a line.  It's pretty damn good.  New York pizza got some competition.  Not so long of a line during the early day.  Remember that Seinfeld episode where Jerry tries to pour out the grease on the pizza and George goes "you're crazy" and pours Jerry's pizza juice on his pizza?  Yeah, this pizza got that pizza "juice" (not grease).  Cheesy, greasy, and deletable meatball topping.  Yum!  Got New York prices too, but hey, it's Vegas, where $50 all of sudden feels like its only $10.  If you don't like flavor and a little saltiness, might be a little too much for your taste buds.  It's really good.  Definitely check it out.
36	0	I really was expecting more from this. My mac and cheese was kinda bleh. I figured a place that was known for hot chocolate...er frozen, whatever...would have comfort food down pat. Getting seated was kind of a nightmare, and the atmosphere was too bright and crowded for my taste.   I would have tried it again, but several months later I found Max Brenner, which was everything I wanted Serendipity to be.
559	1	Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR!   If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot.   When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here.   Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
132	1	I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work.
298	0	The only good thing about the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's is their service. The workers are super nice and very friendly. It's sucha shame that their buffet really sucks.  It's a good size buffet that covers different kinds of foods by regions. IMHO, everything sucked, but there were a couple that were by far 'decent' and they were the tacos, which you can pick and choose to put in what you want, the shumai dumplings, ice creams, and salad.  Yet, nothing else was worth my $25 for Flavors.
1304	0	Went last night, 2/8/13.  Food was AWFUL!  My husband had a "medium well" steak that was tasteless and OVERcooked (like rubber).  He couldn't eat it.  I tried it and couldn't chew it.   I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and it was TERRIBLE.  DRY!!!  Ate three bites.  My daughter ordered a cheeseburger which was okay.  Fries were cold.  We all had the salad which wasn't anything special.  Head lettuce with their "own" ranch dressing.  The biscuits were dry and cold.  The green beans were cold and mushy.  The corn was cold.  The baked beans were gross.  The fry bread was good.  After waiting an hour for a table, I'm convinced that our food was sitting under warmers, hence the results.  If we'd been wasted, as many patrons were, we might of thought the food was acceptable, but we weren't.  Also, the bull in the front of the restaurant didn't exactly help my appetite. The smell was unbearable, even inside.  We will NEVER go here again.  The restaurant was cool and the band made the atmosphere but the food was simply BAD!  The view was really pretty.  *We didn't complain to the waiter simply because we didn't want to try ANYTHING else.  Figured we'd pay and NEVER go back!
1086	1	Ladies and Gentlemen we have a winner!  The Hines' have awarded the Gordon Ramsay BurGR the winner of the best burger challenge. Yes, it's not in Southern California, but this burger has me wanting to jump on a plane at midnight for a juicy bite.   The jalapeno poppers were delish and the surprise* popper added excitement to our evening. *one jalapeno still has the seeds inside adding some mystery and  heat to dish  To be fair in our process we ordered a beef burger, cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato, although the other burger options were very tempting! The burger arrived hot, and smelling amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly and when cut in half was just barely manageable to get my mouth around for a bite. Each bite was every so tasty and not one ounce of grease dripped down my arm. The bun is great and you don't end up with no meat and all bun at the end. The Just Fries were more then enough for us to split and were overshadowed by the tasty burger, but from what I remember tasted pretty good as well.  Yes, the burgers are expensive, but 1, it's Vegas and 2, it's Gordon Ramsay.  *Not sure they take reservations, but if they do, I STRONGLY suggest making one, otherwise look at a 1hr wait, minimum. I wanted to stand out front after we were done telling people the wait was worth it. But hey, if you have a wait, wander around the Miracle Mile of Shops :)
1714	0	Cost: $20.48 for the lunch buffet (tax included)  They have a huge selection of food, but everything looked so unappetizing. Everything looked cold and stale. I picked up some sweet potato fries, a piece of catfish, mahi mahi, a bowl of wonton noodle soup, a vegetable spring roll, and a bowl of chicken congee. I broke my personal rule of not eating Asian food at an American buffet once again, but after two nights of partying in Vegas, I was desperately craving for something Chinese. The chicken congee really hit the spot. Way too salty, but it was comfort food. The wonton noodle soup was okay. The MSG soup was a nice cure for my semi-hangover, but the wonton filling had a mushy, pasty texture which I didn't like. Everything else was pretty bad. Tasted exactly as it looked... uninviting.
1268	1	Went there for the first time, tonight, with a friend. In a word, awesome! Had the number 55, which was beef and I think Cilantro and some other stuff I can't remember, but it was amazing. Had the yellow curry with chicken as well, both dishes done to a number 2 out of 10 heat level. I'd been told they really crank up the heat and so we went for a low number. Turns out I could have gone up several notches with that, but even at level 2 there was definitely some spice and flavor.   Anyway, great food, friendly and prompt service, and I will absolutely be going there again.
615	1	I've been here since Monday and today is Wednesday FINNALLY some real good food! Chicken fried steak cooked to perfection gravy was on point and the potatoes works were seasoned and cooked just right! My husband got the egg sausage bacon and toast SOO GOOD!! Oh and the banana nut muffin!! YUM!!!   I definitely recommend this place for the perfect breakfast!
959	0	A group of us stopped in later in the night after a work convention ended. The place was pretty bare compared to the other eateries we checked out first. That should have been our first clue.   The food was mediocre at best. Out of the 5 of us, no one was impressed. In fact one of us didn't even touch the chicken to their chicken & waffles. I ordered the corned beef hash and I don't know what happened. Maybe being close to the casino, they figure everyone is drunk and looking for greesy food, or maybe the cook accidentally spilled the oil on my plate but I could tip my plate and watch the oil run off. I ended up eating enough so that I wasn't starving and left the rest.   The service was horrible. We were constantly out of water. Our waiters switched over shortly after sitting down and I think the new guy forgot about us. Once we ordered, it seemed like forever that we got our food but the worst was paying. We gave the waiter our money/cards and he took off for 25 minutes! We watched him service other tables while we waited to get our change or in my case, my credit card back. I'm sorry but I'm not comfortable with the fact that my credit card was sitting God knows where for that long. Needless to say, I've been vigilantly checking my account every day just to make sure.   Not worth the bad food or service. Look elsewhere.
723	1	Bachi Burger has an interesting menu for a burger joint. That's bc this joint serves no ordinary burgers! We began with the Bachi Pickles, an assortment of eight different types of pickles, all handmade and very delicious. We had the Sweet Potato Fries dusted with sea salt served up with Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce, a delicious match. Each of us ordered a burger - think of your juiciest most succulent backyard barbecue burger ever taking a quick trip to Japan and stopping off in Hawaii on the way back, and you have all the wonderful influences that make Bachi Burgers so wonderful. I ordered the Kiki Burger: 5 ounces (1/3 lb) of thick, juicy, tender, delicious Texas Kobe beef topped with caramelized bacon, Gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade, very tiny petite mushrooms and tender fresh cool greens, served on a warm bun. My dining partner enjoyed a Signature BBQ Bachi Burger, a tender 5 oz Angus Beef burger served up on a warm steamed bun with crispy cool lettuce, a thick slice of ripe tomato and thin slice of raw onion. Everything was better than we dreamed it would be! We look forward to our next visit.
895	0	Great for kids and worth a visit once if only to use the slide. A tourist spot and of course we were tourists. The wait team was great and the food rolled out like a hotel banquet service. The food overall was just ok but we went to give kids a unique experience. Mission accomplished.
1601	0	Tried to charge us additional than what they first told us at check in.  "Happy Hour" from 5-6 always ran out of food and drinks by 5:15. Very poor planning. We had to request our room be serviced because we were skipped for 2 days. The Starbucks overcharged my card and when I confronted them they said it was my issue to handle.  Had to request towels be sent to our room, when they didn't bring them had to request again. No follow up from staff and was treated like I was an inconvenience.    On the good side the room was neat and what I expected and the roof top pool was relaxing.
1806	1	The best burger place in Vegas, bar none. The truffled edamame are the perfect way to start, then you really can't go wrong with any burger on the menu. Best ingredients and thick, homemade patties. My mouth is seriously watering right now as I'm typing this. If you live anywhere near a Bachi Burger, treat yourself to the best burger of your life.
781	0	The place was so unorganized, and to be 'politically correct'....It's GHETTO! The employees, the food, the clientele...GHETTO! We were afraid just the parking lot alone, why they do not hire security! But, if you love your fried ochra, fried chicken, corn bread and ice tea....this might be "your joint"!....just don't for get to wear the bullet proof vest!.....
1814	1	Omg, was there last week and the food is fabulous  delicious and top 3 steak places I have been too. The decor is red-mazing. Went there for an early 4 year wedding anniversary dinner and it was worth every penny. I will definitely be going back on my next trip.the staff is beyond helpful and answer all your questions.   You must try the desserts. Ummmm
407	0	Let me start by saying that I did not have to pay for food at this buffet.  My hotel package included daily access, so this will give you some further perspective into my review.  Food: I found the food to be monotonous and bland.   The exception is the Prime Rib and the fresh crab legs.  Everything else was below average.  I did not pay for the food, and I was STILL disappointed.  With taxes included, dinner for two would run you about $55.  The food is definitely not worth the price.  Service: I found the service to be mediocre as well.  They line you by party size in one of 5 lines.  From far off, it is reminiscent of a cattle-line.  Apart from this, all the other patrons are hungry as hell and rude; due in part to the size of the lines and long wait times.  Cursing, cutting, and bumping seemed to be commonplace here.  I have received better service (and food) at Golden Corral.  In short, this place had no class at all.  You will certainly leave with the B-G's (Bubble Guts).
1505	1	We came for lunch and we are very impressed! The prime kalbi was amazing. Two of us has bibimbap and the size was bigger than we expected, and very delicious. It had plenty of crispy rice. One had the spicy tofu soup, and it had just the right amount of spice and the tofu was perfectly cooked. I liked that we could order meals and things to bbq. There were many options and we will definitely be eating here again. The staff was polite and attentive and very helpful.
1475	1	I've been aspiring to have a dining experience in one of Chef Thomas Keller's "a must dine-in" resto which is the French Laundry in Nappa Valley. I know how tough it is to make a reservation there. For now, I just have to wait and find a very special occasion for that.   Apparently, during a week-end rendezvous with my family in Las Vegas- Venetian, a fine looking Resto near the hotel's lift caught my eyes. Little did I know that it's proprietor is D' Chef Keller, my role model, per se.   Enthusiastically, called in Bouchon and made a reservation and tried it for Brunch. I believed this place really gets packed during lunch. Perhaps, it got something to do with the Menu prices compared to their Dinner Menu that could cost you I would say an average of $70plus pp w/o wine and the full enjoyment of a full classic French Course.   The place for me looks very conventional, not too much frills. It has its own character of simplicity especially the way the dining tables are being draped with white paper linen, maybe only during lunch, I hope.   As far as my food reviews: - Beignets du jour (2 pcs. mini Raspberry doughnuts) - Florentine Quiche (classic French Tart with savory custard filling) - Chicken Waffles (Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle, Tahitian         vanilla bean butter & sauce Chasseur) - Steak Frites (pan seared prime flat iron served with maitre d'hotel butter  Honestly, I wasn't really thrilled on my menu selections because I did not    get a chance to challenge my palate for a real epicurean treat but I was thinking of my 14 month old grandbaby girl's appetite and not mine. It was indeed a dazzling treat for my picky eater baby. She loves the steak and I can tell why. It was perfectly cooked medium and seasoned well. It was a simple food that is carefully prepared. In France this would be called "la cuisine grand mere". The service is impeccable. I'll definitely would like to explore their Dinner Menu on my next Venetian visit that is without my grandbaby in tow.
934	1	Hidden in a dark hallway in the Cosmopolitan is a hidden jewel, Secret Pizza.  I was staying in the hotel and heard about it through a client.  I never would have found the place otherwise because it's not advertised in the hotel. Despite the lack of advertising the place was packed (a good sign). I'm a New Yorker and a bona fide pizza snob, so to say this place did not disappoint is a big deal.  Fresh, good and inexpensive which is saying a lot in notoriously overpriced Vegas.  Would definitely go back.
1689	1	Wow! So we came to Vegas for a quick getaway. As we were leaving our hotel, our valet attendant told us to try this place for some great breakfast! Soooooo glad we did!  Thee is ample parking and our wait time was like, 25 seconds. We were taken care of right away. We go super delicious coffee, beyond superb customer service, and a great atmosphere to spend a morning or afternoon to indulge in tasty breakfast food.   Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
1732	1	Food: A+ Jalapeno poppers: were SO delicious and crispy. can not describe how beautiful it was, the little shot glasses with dipping sauce was perfect. especially with gordon ramsay's "special" surprise haha. Nice touch. Delicious to look at, delicious to eat. No exaggeration.  Burgers were really really rich and filling, very delicious. Nicely seasoned. Didn't need ketchup or anything.  Service: A+ After reading the reviews, thought the seating would be terrible; it wasn't we were sat right away. Service was impeccable. I would say I have never received better service anywhere else. Didn't check in too often, server was very knowledgeable in foods and drinks and our food runner presented the food really well. Pre-bussed our food right away; I mean what else can you ask for.  This place was excellent.
1478	0	The food was "meh" and they purposively do not tell you the price of the drinks you are ordering and then SURPRISE! you get your bill and realize that they were anywhere from 25-40 bucks a piece.  Granted, we're responsible for ourselves but please, God, if you're going there and are on a budget- be sure to ask the prices of the drinks before you order as they will not tell you on purpose.  There's also no descriptions of the food on the menu either.   I'm from Toronto and made a reservation there for last Saturday for all of us to have dinner together. Our server was alright and the food came relatively quickly- but I felt very neglected by him as not even everyone in my party received hats and I don't think he even spoke to half of us.  Maybe my expectations were too high or they were just overly busy- but this was the one time that my entire group from Toronto was going to be together and I think maybe I just expected much more.  He maybe "insulted" two people and gave half of us hats over the course of an hour and a half and that was the end of it.  Kinda brutal.  Go for the experience, not for the food- but set your expectations low for that, too.  It might be better if the place is less busy and your party is much smaller. They also don't do anything for birthdays either unless you're the lucky chosen one to receive a lap dance from an overweight naked guy.  I wasn't so lucky. Damn.
961	1	Hands down, the best burger I've ever eaten.  I had the HK burger and my wife had the Brittania, and both of them were flat-out phenomenal.  "It's cooked beautifully" (in my best GR voice.  The servers are very attentive, the pricing isn't bad ($15 for this burger wasn't out of line, IMHO), and everything about the restaurant smacks of attention to detail.    Try the sweet potato fries.  Absolutely delicious.    This place is worth the wait.  You could also wait until after midnight, usually there's no line by then.
1426	0	I went to outside walk up lines.  Service was bad.  Wait was way too long to receive order.  Food (nachos) were literally thrown together.  Looked like mushy mess.  Pretzel was dry and hard.  Frozen hot chocolate was just a shake in a plastic cup you could get anywhere.  Very disappointing.
494	0	There isn't really much to say about this place because I didn't enjoy it that much...but I don't really enjoy any buffets outside of vegas and for the price you paid I guess you get that 2 stars. Regardless...you wait in a long line(I'm assuming due to it's cheap price) and you can get a drink...I prefer you not to get a drink because you don't even get to refill it yourself and it's like 1.99 which is alright but flagging down your "waiter/waitress"just to get you another drink is kinda missing the point of Buffet? Anyway I'm not entirely sure on the drinks price but I think my friend paid around $11 for his lunch and soft drink so sounds about right.  Regardless I don't find any of the dishes memorable as they all tasted either too bland or too salty. I honestly don't know if i can really complain about it cause you shouldn't expect much but yea. The memorable part for me is that dessert you get to have cookies and cream, pecan, and 2 other flavors of ice cream and it's unlimited so that's something to look forward to even though it's not the best ice cream you'll ever taste but it certainly beats having only vanilla and chocolate ice cream all the time.  Anyway...my tastebud is spoiled so you can give it a try if you want but I don't see myself coming to this buffet any time soon.
1439	1	Fantastic start finish!  At first walking in you don't know what to except. The hallway to get there is cold and well... HIDDEN. The menu is short and sweet. The only downfall is it doesn't list toppings. But that detail is so minor compared to the rest of the experience. They have made to order pizzas for you to choose from. Or you can order an entire pie. My group picked the white pizza, combo, sausage and banana pepper and I picked the pepperoni and mushroom slices.  We ordered our drinks. The boys picked some beers and us girls went with wine, which was $6 for a large plastic cup filled. We were thrilled! Nowhere ever gives you that much wine for $6.. Let alone in Vegas. Our pizza took about 5 min to come out. And every pizza looked and smelled delicious  but then eating it was even more amazing then what my first two senses were showing me.   After we finished our slices we went back for one more slice of the white pizza. IT WAS THAT AMAZING!  I will be back to Vegas in 2 weeks. And will be back her for sure!!
1816	0	Just OK. Food was average (being generous), service was uninspired, atmosphere as good. Do yourself a favor and eat elsewhere, then go to Dicks to enjoy the atmosphere while enjoying adult beverages. Not a complete bust but the atmosphere can't overcome the blah food......
1956	0	Recently stayed in the West Tower. The rooms were renovated with a contemporary look & feel. You're greeted by a frosted glass sink and vanity area. The doors to the toilet and shower were both frosted glass from floor to ceiling. The bed area felt cramped and dark. The one plus was the dvd-equipped TV and the Bose clock radio, neither of which I used but good to have. Still can't complain since they "comp'ed" my three night stay! Of course that's not to say I didn't "contribute" to Las Vegas' sinking economy!
1577	1	I freaking LOVE this place!  All the times I would go to Vegas and drive by, I would think--I  want to go there because it looked so funny.    Anyways, last February is the first time I went to the Peppermill with my then fiance--but now turned hubby.  :)  He said this place is linked to a chain in NorCal and Tahoe?  Anyways...it was pure bliss.  Much better than most food at the hotels.    I had the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was amazing!  My husband had the patty melt and it was delish!  The portions are huge...great leftovers when you wake up all cruda the next morning!  Plus they are open 24 hours...so you can go in all drunk, lol!  Anyways, this place is awesome and funky.  they have red white and blue sugar granules that you can even buy!  The lounge is awesome and they have these cocktail servers that roam the restaurant in these funky black dressses and the servers in the restaurant wear funky polyester uniforms...pretty funny.  I loved the fireside lounge too!  So funny!  good crowd!  I love places like these! :)
420	1	First time here a little of a wait but who doesn't wait in lines in Vegas? It was worth it. I wish for the double vs. the single since I was really hungry. Their fires were amazing cut fries they were crispy and had no grease at all and the taste was spot on! The service was also exceptional! The salted creamy caramel shake was a hit. Thanks for building a shake shack in LV. A must eat. Great for the entire family.
1236	1	The Toro beef was amazing. It was so good! The waiter was very nice. My friend got the ramen noodles and it looked really good. I would highly recommend the lunch special for someone looking for food in vegas. Side dishes are amazing! Washrooms are nice.
1561	1	LOVE this place.  Went for brunch on a Saturday around 11am, only had to wait a couple of minutes while a table was cleaned.  Everyone who works there was terribly nice, and we loved the little egg sign that tells the staff if you need something. You must order the stuffed French toast!!  I'm not normally a French toast eater, but this is not normal French toast!  SO yummy, like the best sweet and hearty sandwich I've ever had - I could only get through half of it.  My friend had the eggs plus, which looked yummy, and a banana nut muffin that everyone raves about - it was awesome.  Their ranch potatoes are also amazing, like eating tiny square-shaped french fries. Everything is so well-priced.  We paid $26 including tip for both of us, and considering I had an orange juice, I'd say that's pretty great.
1291	0	I'll start the review by saying that I have very mixed feelings about this hotel. There were definitely some good things about MGM, but overall we were left with a bad feeling about staying here, and will definitely not ever stay here again.      Before coming to Vegas all the way from Minnesota, I had booked a Grand King room, and was required to put down a deposit on the room, and then received an email confirmation saying that I had a RESERVATION for the Grand King. When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk informed us that we were unable to stay in the Grand King room anymore and would be placed in a Double Queen. Although the double queen wasn't so bad (it had a really nice view of a big green wall!), we were upset over the fact that we had reserved and expected the King. After expressing my dissatisfaction with the front desk, he said "I'm sorry about that." So I pressed a little further until finally he said the only thing he could do was offer me a buffet credit, which was really no help since we already had received a free buffet voucher online (after eating there, I now understand why they are so willing to offer so many free buffets...yuck). So, we ended up staying in the Queen for the weekend, and the room was pretty decent for the most part.      During checkout after our two night stay at the hotel, I again asked a different person at the front desk about the situation regarding the room, and she seemed very unwilling to talk to me and responded with "sorry about that." So then I asked her if this happens often, and she explained to me that MGM does not provide guests with room RESERVATIONS, they only provide guests with room REQUESTS. I guess if I am traveling halfway across the country to stay for the weekend, I would rather stay at a hotel that will have a guaranteed hotel room waiting for me when I get there.      Upon returning home from our trip, I provided feedback to the hotel online & explained our situation, hoping that they may attempt to resolve the issue, and was sent an automated email response within about 30 seconds containing an apology. Usually I'm very lenient with this sort of thing, since I work in the casino industry and have to deal with guest issues all the time, but usually when things like this happen, I'm used to seeing employees and the company acting like they at least care slightly, and I've always been under the assumption that Vegas resorts offer decent guest service. I guess I should lower my expectations next time.      Overall at MGM, we met some really great employees, and some really terrible employees. A lot of the people working here seem like they don't want to be here and didn't want to help us out (could be that we are a little younger, and they didn't think we would tip them).      However, there were some really great employees that offered us really great guest service, and were willing to help us with anything we needed. Some of the departments that really treated us with respect were the bell services desk and the house keeping crew.
247	1	I felt like I HAD to go here when everyone was mentioning the "secret" pizza place.  Following my fellow Yelp-ers directions, we stumbled upon this place and the smells were amazing!  I kept it simple and we got a slice of the white pizza and the regular pepperoni pizza (we had just eaten at Pink's so we were a bit full).  Brought the slices back to the hotel (mistake, btw.  I should've eaten it right away.  They're best when hot from the oven!) and devoured it.    The food was soooooooo awesome and easy on the wallet.  I definitely wanna go back!
1185	1	Everyone has to eat here at least once in their life!  Let's go straight to the point:  - MORE THAN ENOUGH portions and FULL of flavour - Excellent service: prompt, polite, and accommodating  - Clean inside and outside of restaurant  American classics with a twist. They're a bit pricey but it's so worth it! There's also a 24/7 location inside The Quad to satisfy your late-night munchies. The top item in the menu is the 'Sage Fried Chicken Benedict' and is highly recommended for you first-timers and the hollandaise sauce is the star of the dish. A good place to bring a date and pig out, feed each other, or share one item since the portions are huge.   COME HERE.
955	1	Have eaten for over 20 years, and enjoyed it everytime. Breakfast or lunch, weekdays or weekends, its great! I visit Vegas 5+ times a year and have to stop each and everytime. Jennifer Martin, our waitress is always professional and fun. She has a great laugh and smile. Ask for her if you can, you wont be dissappointed.
852	0	Our server Norma was very friendly and responsive to our request.    Ordered the huevos rancheros, the presentation was great the food was just ok. My dish tasted like the Mexican pizza from Taco Bell.  For the price I was definitely expecting more flavor.   We asked for hot sauce and were offered Tabasco. Two thumbs down.
120	1	I went for lunch. I got a pesto scramble and I have to say this was one of the best flavor combinations I've had in a while. There were eggs, pesto, whole spinach leaves, cheese, and I think some tomatoes scrabbled to fluffy perfection.  My fianc got the western omelette and he said it was the best he's ever had.   We bought a groupon at $24 for $40 worth of food so it was a good deal too, but I am definitely coming back in the future.
