1592	1	Korean Prim KalbiHarami Miso BulgogiBulgogi BibimbapNO1     NO1Gangnam set  133USD Korean Prim KalbiBulgogi Bibimbap    WESTSei-Ko-EntsuruhashiBBQ
1512	1	We were in Las Vegas for a mid-week business event and stayed at the Venetian. We made advanced reservations before arriving in LV through Open Table.com. Everything went smoothly and the hostess called each time (we ate two dinners there) to confirm reservations the day of the meal. Both meals were pretty much flawless. We each seemed to especially enjoy any of the nightly specials which happened to be hanger steak, fresh corn salad and some other goodies.
1087	0	This place was gross and dirty. The waitstaff/hostesses were kind of rude and gave us the run around on how to get a table/how long it would take to wait (they had plenty of open tables but made us give our phone number and told us to wait 25 mins for a text and then come back, we got the text 30 seconds later LOL whatever). I've been to the real location in New York and this one is nothing like it. The decor is rundown and ratty and the place is DIRTY. I'm talking visibly grimy (picture the cleanliness of an older McDonalds). Both my food and my companion's food were gross. Please spare yourself the somewhat high price and go somewhere else (if you're craving breakfast food later in the day, there's a great waffle place across the street by Bally's). I gave 2 stars because nothing terrible actually happened but it was very bad.
1822	1	Yum! One of my new favorite Burger places in Las Vegas! Long lines, good food. The staff is less than friendly but they do a good job at keeping the line moving and the place clean for as pack as it stays. It's located at The New York New York and its outdoor seating has a view of the *Brooklyn Bridge* and The Strip. Great location for people watching.   The Burgers are fantastic. Fresh made, fresh veggies and a fresh baked bun! Yum! But the real star of the show are the big fat crinkle style cheese fries! These are my favorite cheese fries in town. Do yourself a favor and order some!   Love this place! We'll be back again and again!
1332	0	Ewww... so many buffets in Vegas... go somewhere else. Not good service and it's not clean. Also, if you are not part of VIP club, they will seat you on the other side where it's not close to buffet and in front of garbage and dirty dishes. Not so Vegas... just go somewhere else. Don't waste your money and time here.
470	1	This place the Hamburger is the bomb!!!! The banh mi hamburger is also the bomb!!! There drink signature drink are really refreshing and the bomb!!! (: The place is always packed unless you go there Hellas late like 12midnight.... The service is good the people there are pretty nice and polite. I will miss this place cause im leaving back to kali):....
831	1	Can be tricky to find if you don't know Vegas really well, since it's in the walkway *between* Mandalay Bay and the Luxor. It's worth it. Follow your nose to the Lush bath products store across the hall.  On its face, it seems pretty straightforward: decent bar, burger joint, TVs in the booths showing some sport or other. It goes deeper. Start with the beer list - great selection, large draft list and truly wonderful bottle list. I've had award winning Canadian beers here that I can't even get in Canada. If you've never had a Unibroue beer from Quebec, I recommend the Unibroue 17.  The menu, too, goes deeper. Not just burgers. Grain fed or naturally raised beef? Wagyu, maybe? You are spoiled for choice, but if that intimidates, they have several reasonable pre-defined burgers to choose from or riff on.  I'm the guy who brought Melissa Y. (below) here on her birthday, making lots of noise about the $60 burger. Kobe beef, foie gras, 1/3oz of shaved black truffle on an onion roll. The Rossini, they call it. We each had one, and they were great. Better than great - putting black truffle on a burger is something I haven't done before or since (except on return trips here) and it is some inspired eats, my friend. You would not do badly to spend some blackjack winnings on that little masterpiece.  BUT. I'm going to tell you something important here, so listen good: you can do better. You can make a thing more pure and more perfect. You can reach the Platonic ideal of burger in this place, and reaching Platonic ideals isn't a thing we get to do very often in our lives. Are you ready? Then let's begin.  Ditch the foie - it adds richness where none is required, and the richness it adds is lost in the strong flavours. Ditch the kobe, too. Kobe is either getting you beautiful texture (not irrelevant in ground meat, but certainly *less* so than with steak cuts) or beautiful flavour, but the naturally raised beef has that in spades. Ditch the onion bun as well, if you want my opinion. I like onions plenty, but baked into a roll they lose some of their fire and even if the result is still tasty, you're missing the opportunity to go for their Ciabatta (great texture, nice yeasty flavour, works with the beer) or their Sesame (a classic, done well).  Okay, so now: Keep the black truffles (KEEP THE BLACK TRUFFLES), but maybe get your cheese on, and add some pepper bacon or a fried egg. Congratulations, champ, you've got yourself a burger that adds no pretense, that gilds no lilies, but which explodes with flavour you didn't think a burger could have. This is it, this is the burger you've been waiting for.  I'm proud of you, soldier.
531	1	Meeting chef Scott!!!  Ordered the fish and chips.  The fish was the best I have ever had. The chips were not good.  The manager came and asked for feedback. He said they have been trying to perfect the chips and are still working on it. He was awesome, he send over 2 Carmel toffee desserts at no charge that were amazing!  The server was Alise and she was awesome!!  She event sent out chef Scott, as we really wanted to meet him.  I tasted my friends shepherds pie and it was very good.  The bangers and mash were good also.  I liked the branding and atmosphere.  Definitely will be a happy memory or this vacation.
1472	1	Excellence.  I love coming to hash house, and I am from San Diego, so I usually visit the San Diego hash house a go go. But the Vegas one did not disappoint! The food is amazing, the portions are crazy, the prices are decent , the service and staff are friendly and on there A game, and did I mention the food is amazing?  Breakfast and Lunch/dinner is all delicious. I actually came to this one after a massive hangover for my 21st birthday. Made me feel 1000 times better! FYI the bell pepper burger is BEYOND THIS WORLD GOOD!   The only con is the wait can be long, but honestly, it's worth the wait. :)
727	1	Made a reservation because of Yelp reviews.  Drove into the crazy/odd parking lot and didn't drive out because of Yelp reviews.  Went inside - sat down - ordered salad rolls......it just felt right. There were many regular customers who were warmly welcomed, families and out of "towners" it just felt good in there! You could tell there were plenty of foodies - long conversations with waiters - people asking for "the best" and "you order for me, this is what I like...."  We ordered: Prawns on Drunken Noodles - I am rarely at a loss for words - all I could say when asked was - "I am so happy".   Beef dish with peanut sauce - also wonderful - though the previously mentioned was by far my favorite.   The service was as expected - prompt, tidy, nice but not overly solicitous. If you are looking for amazing waiters and ambiance go somewhere else. If you are looking for perfect - and I mean perfect food - please join in the feast - like many have said before - the place is so worth it.
468	1	I'm not a name dropper in reviews, however, I have to give credit where credit is due. When you're visiting Las Vegas, Ryan L. is the man who knows where to go. And he definitely wasn't wrong about breakfast at Bouchon.   Nestled in a more remote section of the Venetian, overlooking their smaller pool, it's a little taste of subdued French Bistro dining right in the heart of Las Vegas. Serene and absolutely lovely. We dined outside on the patio and basically had the place to ourselves... which is not surprising at 8 am on a Thursday in Las Vegas. Hell, when we were walking to breakfast, there were oodles of girls in sequined mini dresses still shooting craps in the Venetian casino, but I digress.   My simple scrambled eggs, bacon, brioche toast and croquettes with an iced coffee on the side (it IS 107 degrees in Vegas in July, you know) was done perfectly. The croquettes, my favorite part of the meal, were so incredibly smooth and creamy on the inside, I wanted to swoon. Right at my table. In front of a colleague. Yes, that good.   Pricey? Sure. It's Vegas, baby! Everything is decedent, outlandish and off the charts unreasonably priced. But you gotta eat, right? So why not do it in style at Bouchon?
1465	1	I built a burger. An wow it was delicious! The Kobe was amazing! My husband got the bison burger an he said it was one of the best he's had. The onion rings were out of this world good as well as the fries! It was our first time being here so we will definitely be back to get a burger fix when it comes along again!
271	0	Went for the dinner buffet this time. More choices to choose from makes this a great place for groups with variety of taste buds. However, I'm still not impressed by their food. The warm crab legs are good (you have to ask the staff to heat them) but nothing to write home about. The Tandoori chicken is constantly coming out the oven so it's extremely fresh. That was the highlight of my meal!!  The prime rib is not the same quality of cut that you experience at Paris or Bellagio. It might be the way it's cooked because it is dry and au jus is a must. Some of the Asian counter foods sit out for too long that it doesn't look as appetizing.  The baked potato stand is not bad as you can customize your stuffed potato to your liking.  Desserts continue to disappoint as they don't have any warm desserts like apple pie. An occasional creme bulee pops up but otherwise it's a counter of slices of room temperature pies and cookies.
1812	1	Fancy burger joints are part of the Vegas scene these days.  One, in particular, is known not only for its gourmet burgers w/ an Asian twist, but also for its local ties:  Bachi Burger.  Owner & Food/Beverage Director, Lorin Watada, is a transplanted local (Iolani grad) who now lives in Vegas. His cooking stints included Alan Wong's, Sheraton Hotels, Kahala Mandarin Hotel, & some 7  1/2 years as Corporate Chef w/ Roy's Restaurants, before opening  2 successful Bachi Burger locations in Vegas. The 1st location, just south of the Strip, opened in May 2010 in what was formerly a Dunkin' Donuts location in Windmill Plaza; the 2nd location opened in April 2012 in Summerlin, western Las Vegas. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=fIhDPCnCFfkcOHHi-jOJ3Q   Having local ties, it is then not a surprise that the reasonably-priced burgers & food are prepared w/ Pacific Rim/Asian influences. Quality burgers are made from Wagyu & Angus beef (price range from $7.50 for an Angus beef burger to $26 for Wagyu beef/foie gras); steamed sandwiches (Peking duck in bao, pork belly); fish sandwiches; & even a Vietnamese "ban-mi" sandwich.  The sandwiches are served w/ Asian-inspired flavors & ingredients commonly found in Hawaii, e.g., miso goma dressing, shiitake, kalbi marinade, kimchee, furikake, lemongrass, hoisin mayo, mizuna, lup chong, unagi, & others. There are also appetizers & salads, w/ one of their popular dishes being the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries served with chili aioli & a fried egg. As much as possible, ingredients are natural, organic, & sourced locally.    We loved the delicious burgers, as the flavors of the various ingredients just complemented each other. We had:  - Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger ($13.50). Came w/ chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, carmelized bacon, crispy onion rings.  There was no way you could eat this burger, or any of the other burgers, w/ the sandwich in your hand. I had to slowly dissect it to make it smaller; the onion rings were perfect crispy w/ a flavorful batter. The Wagyu beef just melted in my mouth & was so delicious w/ the egg, bacon, & furikake. The hamburger bun was also a winner - fresh Taiwanese sweet bun that is rich, buttery, & chewy w/ a nice shiny glaze on it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=ca3W5wdhrSem8ERFXnjI3g    - Spicy Miso Burger ($10.50). Came w/ red onion, Shishito pepper, mayo, lettuce, roasted garlic, cheese, fried egg, apple vinaigrette. Lots of flavor in this slightly spicy burger from the sweet, green, &slightly spicy Shishito peppers; bold & salty flavors from the miso; & a sweet, tangy oil/vinegar flavor from the vinaigrette. The same Taiwanese bun was used to make it even more flavorful. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=6pgTs0isXtKI5nXRLSfe3g   - Salt & Pepper French Fries ($4). Garnished w/ slices of hot Jalapeno peppers, Maui onion sea salt, & garlic chili aioli & served in a classy stainless steel cone. Thin fries that are perfectly fried, crisp on the outside & moist on the inside, & seasoned perfectly.  The aioli was perfectly spiced & creamy for easy dipping; we also enjoyed dipping them in a tasty pineapple-tomato ketchup. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=I6fySTopYSja57efTht35w   The restaurant's name, "Bachi," takes on a dual meaning:  a shortened version of the word "hibachi" which is a style of grilling; & a Japanese term meaning karma, i.e., to treat others how you would like to be treated & implied in a negative way. (I assume the name is more in line with the grilling aspect rather than negative karma.)  Service was adequate for this clean, contemporary 75-seat restaurant w/ exposed pipes on the ceiling to give the dcor an industrial look. There are stylish recessed & track ceiling lights hovering over classy dark wood tables. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=KJAhWE22AH5ShHamqwWWOQ   Bachi Burger was featured on the Food Network on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives w/ Guy Fieri. This stint has helped to generate the crowds that it has been attracting.  I would love to return to try their other burgers/sandwiches/sides. Hawaii residents will love the Asian twist to these burgers/sandwiches, as the ingredients are all too familiar here.  A must-do for Hawaii residents traveling to Vegas or better yet, maybe a Bachi Burger in Hawaii?
1655	1	Don't go to In and Out or Fatburger, Come Here!    Hell, you could even have dinner here one night instead of going to a "fancier" establishment.  This will be one of the best burgers you will ever have in your lifetime.  Go straight for the Kobe Burger!  But there are plenty of other items to pick from if you want to spend less or try something else.  You can build your burger however you see fit.  You get to pick not only your preferred cheese of course but also the type of bread and there are MANY toppings to pick from.  Not too many places let you put avocado on top of a burger.  Wash it down with a beer, a float, or one of their shakes.  You might find this menu much more useful than what you will find on the listed website.  It really will give you an appreciation for the toppings and other items like sweet potato fries.   http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbarmenu.htm  I wish I didn't have to go to Las Vegas to eat here.  Yes, the decor is very Fox and Houndish but the food is worth it.
268	0	went here for a "good " breakfast. I ordered the chicken fried steak. yeah...my "steak" was ground beef cooked in a ton of oil. the potatoes are packaged not fresh prepared. the sausage was pre frozen and pre cooked. I really doubt the fresh made "buttermilk" biscuits were fresh nor buttermilk. sorely dissapointed especially for the price. asked for a discount for the "steak". they took 7 bucks off so thats good but dang it...how do you make a bad breakfast!???
489	0	Everyone knows food in Vegas is ALWAYS over priced, but I always expect a certain type of quality as well... nothing over the top, just a little better than decent I guess you could say..  The food here were below my expectations..   - Pan fried noodles: they were doused in sauce and the noodles weren't even crunchy.. - Chinese broccoli was dry and overcooked..  - Their duck with rice is more of an individual portion rather than a la carte which is what I had hoped for..there was more rice than duck, and the duck portions had mostly bones (although bones are a big part of duck, the bone portion here was more than normal).  The line here is a bit rediculous, and to be honest I'm not quite sure why.. food isnt that great and there are tons of other places open 24/7 in sin city!
1170	1	So glad I don't have to fly to New York just for shake shack. Although I love my In-N-Out, I have to admit that Shake Shake wins the West Coast vs East Coast rivalry. Shake Shack is now my favorite fast food restaurant. The Shack Stack is a complete mouthgasm. The double double from In-N-Out has the better sauce, but the giant fried portobello mushroom with cheese from the Shack Stack is unbeatable. The fries here are crinkled-cut, usually not my favorite, but they're actually well seasoned and crispy. I definitely prefer them over Animal style fries. I need to come back and try their milkshakes.
585	1	This is the best burger joint in Vegas. Had the hell's fire burger, sweet potato fries, wings for appetizer and a chocolate shake. Everything tasted fresh. Burger was great size and cooked to perfection. Sweet potato fries were so good and were sprinkled with powdered sugar. Wings were amazing. Service was awesome.  Will definitely come back.
1563	1	Enough posts here to lead you to the joint so I don't need to say anymore. I gave it five stars in that the pizza is excellent. The meatball onion was to die for. Great thin crust. They do make whole pizzas for you too if they don't have slices that you want. Not bad, four slices two drinks $20 bucks. The guy was taking orders on the phone, but not sure how you get through when they, "Don't exist"
1033	0	I love burgers, so I really wanted to love I Love Burgers.  I loved the friendly hostesses.  I loved the friendly woman working at the counter.  I didn't love the over cooked, dry burger.  I didn't love the under cooked fatty bacon they slapped on my over cooked dry burger.  So five stars for the employees, but only 2 stars for the food.
392	0	I booked this hotel room hoping for a "4 star experience" in Las Vegas. When we arrived in the room, it smelled like mold and smoke (even though it was categorized as NON smoking), the carpet was dirty, and the hotel receptionist wont move our rooms unless we paid an extra 40 dollars per night to "upgrade" to a newly remodelled room. Being desperate for comfort and cleanliness, I went ahead and paid the extra 80 dollars to upgrade. I am writing this letter to communicate my disappointment to hotwire's online description of the hotel. I felt mislead and deceived from the hotel description.  Moral: not all "deals" from hotwire leads to a happy ending. Blah.
1345	1	It can't be a trip to Vegas without grabbing a slice of pizza from the secret pizza place in the Cosmo hotel. Every slice is delicious down to the last bite. There's mainly standing room to eat your pizza but right outside there's plenty of seating in the hotel. You can see them making the pizza right as you walk in! It's a good place for a quick bite, they usually have a couple of different pizzas made where you can order by the slice, but don't fret, they also make whole pizzas for takeout.
372	1	I dream of this place sometimes at night, shamefully I devour each delicious bite of a  wagyu brgur with truffle sauce and frois gras. I know frois gois if evil, horrendous, etc etc, but is is sooo delicious. Crispy outside pink in the middle with a matching ground juicy burger below it. I could literally drink the truffle sauce, it's a-mazing. Even if you just dip your fries in it, just do not come here without ordering it.   I ate the whole thing, on my own and stuffed to the gills I wanted more. I love the atmosphere, the service and I prefer to sit at the bar... hence burger bar, but if you must table it then you must table it.
1866	1	Oh my goodness!  We drove here under recommendation of a friend.  It is amazing!   Non descript little strip mall on the edge of town.  When we pulled into the parking lot at 12pm,  patrons were doing nothing short of running to the door to claim their table.  The crispy rice appetizer was a rocket fire explosion of flavors.  We had the Tom Kah Kai soup, Pad Se-Ew with chicken, Crispy Duck with Chili Mint Leaves, all washed down with Thai Iced Tea and Singha and finished off with the delicious banana roll with coconut ice cream for dessert.  As my dearly departed father would have said, "this meal was a religious experience!"  Highly recommended!
706	1	What a great place. It has it. The pizza trifecta: cheap, delicious, and open late.  The employees were all also upbeat and friendly, and when we accidentally dumped an entire jar of red peppers (make sure your lid is closed tightly), they warmed up another slice for us without hesitation.   My only gripe, it was unreasonably cold inside. I am not sure why. But it was freezing.
1662	1	I'm usually pretty wary of places that are "hyped up" by the yelp community, cause more often than not they actually suck, but this place is actually good, surprisingly so.  It's called Secret Pizza because there's no flashing lights and a million advertisements pointing to the place. Which I'm sure they think is very edgy, but I just enjoy watching idiot tourists walk around searching in desperation for a sign to show them the way. Think you're in the wrong city for that.  The wait was a little long, but it was reasonable considering the high volume of shmoozies that were there. My friends and I stick to our traditional and delicious plain cheese pizza, and it was large and awesome. Not too greasy, a very generous size for a large, and the price is right.
1	1	yeah all the hype.  all the fuss.  all the food.  all the shakes.  delicious.  I had the hotdog and chicago dog and they were good.  now the coffee fair trade shake, i could not get enough.oh did I mention the coffee shake was delicious?    If you know what you want, there is a virtually no line window outside to get small things like drinks and cements.
1166	1	There are lots of great reviews on here so I will just confirm that it's amazing and that you must go. Get the croque madame!  The tips I have are that it's a bit hard to find, go to the check in area and take the elevator tucked in the corner to the right. Also, the doors to the pool area don't require a key card so it's a great space to lounge while waiting for your table. We went on a Sunday morning around 11am and only had to wait about 20 minutes, perfect experience.
955	1	Have eaten for over 20 years, and enjoyed it everytime. Breakfast or lunch, weekdays or weekends, its great! I visit Vegas 5+ times a year and have to stop each and everytime. Jennifer Martin, our waitress is always professional and fun. She has a great laugh and smile. Ask for her if you can, you wont be dissappointed.
215	0	Screw Planet Dailies....  My experience??? Horrible and all the people with me would really agree...  We came in really late...ok I get it but this is Vegas and there was no one else in there so there really was no need for us to wait a half an hour to get some water...that is just horrible service. Then the food took ages...Seriously a sandwhich and some ramen does not take that long to prepare...The food is mediocre at best and the service is just horrible. Perhaps it is better during the day but I wouldn't know just dont ever go after clubbing or bar hopping you will likely die of hunger and thirst before your waitress takes your drink order.  Despite the bad service we tipped well considering the time...but I will not go back.
1827	0	I went in first time experiencing very rude service by one female staff.There is simply no knowledge of serving customers in her with very harsh language, arrogant attitude and improper language etc. it's better the owner train their staffs to be more friendly customer oriented.
1274	0	I have experience much better service in a restroom. So upset with how we were treated and for no reason, we only wanted to sit and get something to drink. But that was even too difficult I guess. We had the 24 hour buffet pass, so we went to this one. Paid. Waited to get seated. Waited some more. Waited some more. I would say it was 15 minutes to wait to be seated, there was nobody seating people. Finally taken to a spot. We sat. We waited to get a drink. We waited some more. I told my friend to go get her food, I would wait and order the drinks. Waited some more. I had to flag someone down, then two servers argued about our table number and whose table it was. (Yes, ladies, everyone in the area heard you argue). Finally our server came, annoyed, and took our drink order. When she returned it was incorrect. *sigh* Reorder and wait. After that it I saw nobody interested to find out how we were doing, if we needed anything, or if we were alive. I do believe when the server arrived to clear the last of the plates I got a pleasant surprise of her rolling her eyes back when I spoke. Gosh, such love.  What was even more wonderful about surviving the cold looks from the staff was watching them ooze and gush over the older couple sitting ONE table away. They got red carpet treatment while we died of thirst. Not one server deserved a tip in that place for the service that they failed to give.  Food was decent. Nice selection for the price. No soup bowls for soup at either station. Boooooo. So if you eat soup on a plate or with your hands, your in business. Cupcakes looked great. They didn't taste great though. Just ok.
408	1	I scoped the Yelp reviews of this place before we went for my birthday and was surprised to find so many poor reviews. I completely disagree with them too, by the way.   We made reservations for 9 pm on a Monday and I didn't make the reservations, but my boyfriend said he had no problem getting them a couple days before. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern feel of the place with the club-esque atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Our server, Charles, started us with the drink menu which comes on an iPad, but despite what it seems, you can't actually order drinks from the iPad. We ordered a Vesper and the HK Antioxident [sic]. For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras and half dozen oysters. Before our appetizers came out we got bread and drinks. The panchetta bread was delicious and I could have eaten a whole loaf by myself. For our entree we ordered the wellington for two and we were informed it would take 45 minutes which was fine with us although I'm sure some people would have been less than satisfied with such a wait. Our waiter walked us through the cuts of meat that we had to choose from with the meat cart which is a little unorthodox, but if you don't know much about steak or you forget the difference between a porterhouse and a ribeye, it's good to know what you're getting.  It took longer than say, Chili's, but by the time we finished our appetizers plus 5 or 10 minutes, our wellington was out. We also had a side of creamed spinach which was very tasty. Charles had recommended one side to split and said we'd have the perfect amount of food and he was correct. I thought I would have no room for dessert, but I was wrong. Enter the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. This is a must have dessert. We split an order and it was the perfect sweet ending to a phenomenal dinner.   Everything beginning to end was the caliber of food I would expect from a place with Ramsay's name on it. The waitstaff was knowledgeable and I would definitely go back here. However, if you're looking for a quick meal, this is not the place to go. It is a great experience though if you love and appreciate good food.
931	0	I got the all you can eat option 2. The only things I liked here were the cheesy bread rolls, Caesar salad and the sirloin. Both fish were dry along with the shrimp which was a huge part of the meal. This place is just blah. I have never been to a Brazilian restaurant that left me desiring more food.
1627	0	Free wine and beer now for the price to get in.....but don't expect anything that tastes good....I had the red wine....sad Cab.  I wanted to go back as I remember this being a good buffet.  I went to the buffet and the ARIA the day before.  Don't kid yourself the ARIA is WAY better than this.  This is a very average Vegas buffet.  To give you a little perspective....at the Mirage they have 1 Vanilla Gelato and 1 Chocolate Gelato.  Then 3 Sorbets....At the ARIA they have over 12 Gelato's of great quality.  Even simple things like macaroons are way better at the ARIA.  If you can afford to pay the $8 more run to the ARIA.  You will be able to fill up here but it will all be very average food.
536	1	FOIE GRAS FOR A CALIFORNIAN  Anyone who's read my profile knows my love for foie gras. Because of the California ban on foie gras it is very difficult get this delicacy. After the ban the last time I had foie gras was when Psycho Donuts in San Jose were giving free foie gras donuts. Yesterday on my last night at Vegas I came here for dinner. There were two items I had in mind: 1) Hudson Valley Foie Gras 2) Beef Wellington. I waited in anticipation for both items. The first dish was the foie gras. When I took a bite of this foie gras it reminded me when I last had foie gras at a California restaurant after the ban - it was at Boulevard in San Francisco. I took my time eating this foie gras. I cut the foie gras into thin slices. I placed the thin slices of foie gras with the bite sizes of pumpkin waffle. This provided a typical contrast of savory and sweet texture. I treated this foie gras dish as if it was the main dish. The main dish the Beef Wellington takes about 45 minutes to cook. I never had Beef Wellington before and it was worth the wait. The pastry had that golden crust. The beef was cooked perfectly medium rare. Some people think a steak that is medium rare is too red. I never understood some people's fascination of a well done steak. For the amount of money you pay for a great quality steak why destroy the quality of the meat. What I love about the Beef Wellington that it's only cooked one way - medium rare only. Chef Ramsay is making the statement that customers have to adjust to him and not the other way around. The customer is not always right. Overall having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak with a chance to have foie gras was great way to have dinner on my last night in Vegas.
1495	0	Went there  with Party of 10. Service was good(Kevin) but that was the highlight. Trust me that there is no way this restaurant can be considered good. It is a tourist attraction but that is it. No one in our party of 10 thought the food was good.  I wouldn't normally write a bad review but I have a feeling that management knows the food is bad (how can't they?) but just don't care. They're making money regardless. I believe most place that have substandard food, try but just can't pull it off. Rustler's is probably pulling in the cash and just couldn't give a crap which is what their food tastes like.
1371	1	As much as I love In-N-Out, I have to admit that Shake Shack is better all around. The fries, the hamburger meat, the cheese, the frozen custard shake are made of quality ingredients and deserve recognition. Price point is higher for that very reason. I'm so addicted to the perfect fries! Cheese lovers can order a side of cheese dip to keep the fries crisp. The shackburger left me wanting more. I can't wait to try the shroomburger and the shackstack and their hot dog offerings. Please come to Los Angeles!
5	0	first I must say I liked the salad bar area, because they serve it to you and that cuts back on germs and it was good. However the for the price i was expecting more of a selection in foods. The desert section is great. they have cotton candy. My waitress kept getting our drink orders wrong. Oh, and my coffee was lukewarm.  between my husband and myself the meal cost about $50.  I think it was just to expensive for what you get. I will not return there, i have had better buffet  experiences for a lot less money.
1474	0	I'm from LA, so I know good Mexican food when I taste it... and this isn't it. Is it horrible? No, but nothing remarkable that's for sure. And the service? Horrible.   Let's start from the beginning. Our party of four was crammed at a tiny table with tons of foot traffic. Some girl came over to take our order... not sure who she was, as she made it a point to tell us she was NOT our server but was going to be taking our order. Clearly she wasn't happy at being told to help out our actual server, as she was rude, surly, uninterested and completely unhelpful.   When ordering, I said to her, "How are the short rib enchiladas?" I got a blank stare and she replied, "they're good" in such a way that I began to question my order and said, "I'm not hearing any enthusiasm... should I order something else?" She robotically replied with a sigh and said that she's never had them, but they are popular there. Um ok.   Then, my friend who is a vegetarian, was told by the people at the front that almost everything on the menu could be modified into a vegetarian dish. (I mean, it's really not that difficult. Take any freaking dish and omit the meat and voila!) Rude girl taking our order: "WHO told you that?!!" and rolled her eyes and put her hands defiantly on her hips. Then she added, "The ONLY vegetarian options are a cheese quesadilla or a salad!" After being told what was said at the front, my friend asked if she could order cheese enchiladas with avocado and was told "Oh, I guess you could do that." When our food came, no cheese enchiladas... but instead, a cheese quesadilla. ((SIGH)). The food runner was just as rude. My friend made the comment that it wasn't what she ordered but she'd eat it anyway. The runner insisted on getting the enchiladas as she barked, "BECAUSE WE WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY!" Lol.  And during the long period of time we were waiting for our food, I flagged down a server and asked for some chips and salsa. And as if this place didn't suck already, I was told they CHARGE for chips and salsa! What?!! Come again?? Never, ever in my life have I been to a Mexican restaurant (and I've been in a LOT in my time) and been charged for chips and salsa. I mean, I know we are in the price gouging capital of the world, Las Vegas, where dumb tourists will fork out any kind of money not knowing any better, but it will be a cold day in hell before I pay $5 bucks for chips and salsa. One week later, I'm still shaking my head as I write this.  Other than that, we never saw our server again... never checked on us, refilled water, nothing. The food was unremarkable. Average, at best. The mango picante margarita was pretty decent... took forever to arrive but tasted good. I was about 85% thru my meal when someone over my shoulder tried to take my plate away (wtf). And then for the remainder of our meal, there was a staff member table stalking us to fill our table the second we stood up, which was uncomfortable and we felt rushed (even though the service on their end was slow).   Summary: Disappointed.
1983	0	Used to eat here it was always my favorite place to eat on the strip. Foods is great but due to my last experience there I'm not sure I'd ever eat there again. This short blonde hair "bitch" who happened to be the hostess that night was being really rude and ignoring my seating requests even though I was going to wait. Then she had the odasity to call me a bitch to another blonde hostess. I'm not sure if she noticed me and my boyfriend were right there... I was sure to get her name before I left MARIAH. As long as she is there I won't be coming back. Ever. Bad customer service and I just don't need that. This Vegas I expect top quality service.
1335	0	We stayed here for two nights (Saturday and Sunday). When we arrived, there was a 15 minute wait to check-in. They then informed us check-in time wasn't until 4pm but that we could upgrade to an immediately available room for $25/night. We declined. Our room was a 'non-smoking/Mountain View room'. The Mountain View was way off in the distance and only visible above the ugly rooftop of the casino. When the sun went down, they were kind enough to point bright red lights at the hotel windows. The air quality/air filtration in this hotel is horrendous. Despite being in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, it was as if someone was sitting on our bed chain smoking. When we shared this with them at check-out, they were confused. I will never stay here again, which is unfortunately, because we'll be needing a place to stay this Friday.
1305	1	This was our first time coming here, and let me tell you it won't be our last! This hidden gem is off the strip, but well worth the time. It's located in a strip mall and it's obviously a local favorite. I saw a massive line, and thought is it gonna be worth the wait?? It's not a fancy place, it's homy and comfortable with lots of tables, staff and commotion of the morning rush. We were a party of 9, and expected a wait, 25 was all we waited! Our waitress was awesome! She was very attentive, and offered us a FREE banana muffins that were bomb! She took our order, and offered us some wonderful suggestions! The time of truth, the food was awesome, fresh and hot! The portions were huge! I loved this place and will definitely come back each and every time am in Vegas!!
1081	1	Taking into account location, comparable places nearby, pricing, and of course the quality of food, it is impossible to rate this place any lower than 5 stars. Really cool place that makes you feel as if you've stepped out of the Cosmopolitan and into any hole-in-the-wall pizza across America. The pizza was great, but the real winner for us was the cheesecake. $4.50 for a giant piece that easily feeds two hungry people. There was no line when we went (around noon on New Years Eve). The ONLY complaint was there being nowhere to sit, but even that isn't a big deal since there is seating everywhere in the Cosmo.
1212	1	Arrived in Las Vegas from Los Angeles, got to our hotel and looked for a place to eat... They're the first one to pop up since our hotel is very close to this restaurant. Checked the reviews and decided right away to try the place... And guess what?! EXTREMELY SATISFIED!!! Especially that I am a big Korean Dish Lover!!! I enjoyed my Bulgogi Bibimbap! Really tasty! My family opted for some Bulgogi, Pork Belly and Brisket since they have a HAPPY HOUR SPECIAL!! This is such an awesome spot!! The meats are really tender and juicy! I loved the Pork Belly the most! The environment is really clean and the servers are really friendly and informative! They made sure that we know how the menu works. They also offer some Japanese dishes! But I recommend the Korean dishes more. The side dishes are also amazing, they are honestly to die for! I always go to Koreatown in LA and yes, it has the same quality as it is in KTown! Will definitely come back whenever I visit Las Vegas!!!
1590	1	This is our first experience with eating Korean barbecue with the actual grill the table. They were very patient, and the food is delicious. Side dishes are yummy, portions are good, prices are totally reasonable, restaurant is beautiful, and the bulgogi bibimbap is my favorite. My kids also loved it; pretty sure my 8-year-old ate three bowls of fish cake. The $45 Las Vegas combo was plenty for all four of us!
647	1	Came here on Monday, and 1$ shots and 1$ beer! How can you say no?! What a great place to pre-game before hitting up Marquee nightclub. And must I say their burgers are out of this world! My friend and I got the kobe beef burger and the steakhouse burger and split them. Just some excellent quality meat... The taste was great too, but it mostly comes from their meat quality, so my hat off to Holsteins. Oh, and let's not forget their crunchy shoe string fries! Yummm... Okay I'm starting to sound like a fatty so I will end it here... Next time I come, I will try the shakes!
1489	1	This place is worth all of the hype. Great service, full bar, and HUGE portions!  Our server was a doll (although I can't remember his name).  Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is incredible!  That was the best fried chicken I have ever had. Hint: portions are huge so share!!!
1761	0	Used to love this place with the good food and amazing views but the service truly sucks now. We waited nearly 30 minutes before I finally flagged a waitress down to find out who our server was - she simply sneered and said "well it's not me honey!" That was enough for us to leave and never return. Too bad, I kind of miss the place.
1771	0	Straight awful and disgusting. I've been wanting to try these ever since like a decade ago when I first saw Harold and Kumar's Adventure to White Castle and these did not deliver. I think it's just something you have to grow up with as a kid to crave for nostalgia's sake when you're super high. As a grown-up who's never had these before, these were basically worse than McDonald's. They tasted like chemicals and I'm not even sure if it was even real meat. It made me and my girlfriend feel extremely gross after, and I had to walk it off for the rest of the day to feel normal again. Would never ever try this again even if someone paid me to eat it.
854	1	At the suggestion of some local friends we went to breakfast at Hash House A Go Go and it was as advertised.  Very large portions of very good food.  The bacon was thick, eggs cooked perfectly to order and my French Toast was to die for.  I highly recommend this place.  The only rub is that it is busy so be prepared to wait.
1677	0	i made the mistake of ordering the pasta prosuttio. took 3 bites the( pasta over cooked the meat undercooked and the sauce watery thin not thick like is should be) and asked for the check . asked for the mgr on duty  waitrer says he isn't in right now he is out of the restaurant. the waiter never even offered a replacement. 0 for 3 come on- its sad when the highlight is I got the faster drink refill ever
537	0	Was with a group of business colleagues for a pre-set meal. The service was excellent, but the food left a lot to be desired. Chicken Piccata was flavorless and served on a bed of pasta that was even more bland. Others shrugged off their food (steak and Cannelloni)with a "Meh, not so good." I had expected much better.  Chocolate raspberry cake was yummy.
1005	0	The food is OK. The price is a little bit higher than outside but you should appreciate they can bring authentic Chinese food into the middle of a casino. The major problem here is that the place always asks how you are going to pay BEFORE placing order. It suggests the place may suffer from ample unpaid checks at ... Bellagio. So show them your wallet BEFORE placing orders to calm them down.
1849	0	I've been coming here for many years when planet Hollywood was the Aladdin... it was amazing... sadly no more... its slowly been going downhill... I came here tonight with family who are visiting from overseas.. very disappointing... be a long time before I return
1614	0	The casino is extremely smokey! The restaurant staff were very slow and my boyfriend almost choked on a bread tie that was baked into his pancakes. The food came out cold as well. Our hotel room was also left dirty. Also, the pool was being fixed. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating in helping fix the situation by upgrading our room. The rooms are old and. I guess you get what you pay for.
460	1	Brunch at the Bouchon was WOW. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the Croque Madame (my first bite my eyes opened wide because it was that good). My bf got the chicken and waffles and we both cleaned our plates. Great atmosphere. Sit outside on a nice day and enjoy view of pool and lawn. Come here and treat yourself to a nice breakfast that's not too expensive and delicious! (and yes, I agree with the other reviews that the bread is simply scrumptious)   As for dessert: macarons are located on the lower floor in the Belagio. A must try. I've had macarons at the Napa site as well and they are equally good. Not too sweet as some reviewers mentioned. I personally think they are the best (even compared to SF where I live). As for the Bouchon macarons in Beverly Hills I wasn't impressed with the smaller size or cost. I will let them redeem themselves when the official bakery is opened.
872	0	Wow.  You would think that this place would have a warning sign saying "Everything here is great....except the buffet".  This place was remniscent of an old-folks home in the midwest.  Bland, boring, really not good food.  I felt like I was on an all-you-can-eat crap-fest.  Trying to choose the least bad thing there.  Looking back, I should have asked for my money back.
349	0	The desserts and food are good. BUT not for the price. They charge 10 bucks for a hot dog that is dried up and gross. But, it's an all beef hot dog, so, they get A point for that. You can buy a better hot dog at 7-11 trust me, I love hot dogs. They charge an arm and a leg for food and dessert that is okay/good...Not worth it in my opinion. MEH.
874	0	What a huge disappointment. I was really wondering if the comments were true so we took a chance and we lost big time they only had 4 little rows opened with very very small selection of food. The only reason why they even got 2 stars at all was because of the desert selection. On the upside the staff is very friendly the environment is very pleasant and clean I love the pictures on the wall but that's about it.
388	0	What I imagine to be the worst place to watch the UFC on the strip. We arrived late thanks to a plan delay which should have allowed the staff plenty of time to take care of EVERYONE before as we were the last table to arrive for the reserved seating area. We stepped into the elevator and expressed our frustration with the delay and how much we were ready to eat and drink. Still so much time went past before a waitstaff approached our table  that my husband had to go bar. They didn't have my drink available on the 2nd floor despite it being on the menu so the bartender said he would go downstairs....nope, never happened. Again we waited. We finally got my drink from another staff member and order food...not terrible. The icing on the cake....everyone left their tables and we still didn't receive a bill...we waited til it was completely empty of patrons, still nothing. Time to go in my opinion. Of course they had our card on file from our reservation so of course they got their money, too bad we didn't get what we paid for. Don't go there. Don't be disappointed. Lame place.
1028	1	I like to keep some of my beloved places a secret, but facing at its best, saving Secret Pizza as my secret is cruel for pizza connoisseurs.   The fanciest pizza I've ever tasted was anything of the ordinary from the countless pizza parlours of Italy. To me, margherita pizzas were a real treat, gently wrapped in parchment paper at 2 a slice, and an additional 1,50 for sea salted chips.   However, there is something different about Secret Pizza. You can find this little gem on the third floor between the corners at the Cosmopolitan. Purchased by the slice or by whole, the open face kitchen allows you to choose your slice of heaven from white pizzas to red pizzas. When I first tasted Secret Pizza my friends purchased whole pies of everything pizza and a pepperoni pizza, and even at 2am, they were outstanding & melty, just the way I like my cheesy pies. On my last trip here I tried the white ricotta + sausage pizza which is now my only preference. Full of flavour with just the right strength of spice & herbs, this pizza was a winner on my taste buds.   Keep in mind that the line to Secret Pizza is absurd; I think the best option is to telephone in your whole pie only. Although I am not a pizza aficionado like I used to be when I was under 10 years old, I love Secret Pizza so much that I would purchase a whole pie for myself, even if my companion didn't like Pizza Secret! x
1448	0	Please disregard my review if you're perfectly OK with all-you-can-eat crappy food, because I know that some people are.   The service is fine, our drinks were always full, and the cashier was friendly.   I had heard so much hype about them opening in Vegas that I was honestly looking forward to trying this location out. There selection was not as big as I expected, and what really bothered us was the fact that 1/3rd of the food had NO label.   The best food I had was the steak. You see them grilling It right there and they ask how you want it done. All of the other food was pretty bland. Except the cotton candy, it's hard to have nasty cotton candy ;)
751	1	I love breakfast food, especially pancakes and omelets.  So when a friend recommended trying this place, I was down to give it a try.  I had high expectations and I wasn't disappointed!  I like how they give you a carafe of coffee when you order a cup (like IHOP) so you don't have to constantly wait to get refilled.  Since I usually drink 3-5 cups every morning, this was a plus.  As far as the food, it also met my expectations.  I decided to try the egg-ceptional omelet (has bacon, mushrooms, ham, peppers, onions and sour cream) and not only was it delicious, it was more than enough food to last me through lunch.  I wanted to try the pancakes as well but I couldn't get it as a side so i tried the banana nut muffin that other reviewers had recommended - it was good but not great, but I'm not a big fan of banana nut in the first place so others may enjoy it, i don't know.    The overall price was reasonable and I prefer quality over quantity and other than a handful of a few breakfast places on the strip the Egg and I is one of the best breakfast places around Vegas.  Highly recommended!
1545	1	We came here Friday night, i was expecting they would be really busy, but when we got there, it was just enough people, not too busy but not slow.. We got sat right away, we got the gangnam set and it was so much food, it says its for party of 2, but i think it's a lot of food just for two people unless you're a big eater.. Lol..service was really good too, and overall experience it was good..:-) we'll be back for sure..
529	1	WOW What can i say about this place other than it was amazing! I ordered the chill omelette which was amazing and it comes with potatoes. Also the banana nut muffin comes with this and this muffin was probably this best muffin i have ever had. The service was great even with the place being busy. Just a heads up your gonna have to wait especially on weekiends, it was definitely worth the wait and i will be back here every time I am in Vegas.
1736	1	Come here with an empty stomach and an appetite or be prepared to take some food home. The portions are huge! The breakfast menu is one of the most diverse that I've ever encountered. 4-egg omelettes and scrambles seem to be the rule in Las Vegas. The Egg & I omelettes were delicious and loaded with cheese. We had a veggie omelette and a veggie scramble. The potatoes were seasoned just right. Reading prior Yelp reviews beforehand, I doubted that the banana nut muffins could live up to the hype. Boy was I wrong. Excellent. Fluffy and not too heavy on the banana. Prepare for a large crowd and a wait on the weekend. The hostesses were very pleasant and friendly. The bus staff too. And our server, Tamara, was a delight.
1806	1	The best burger place in Vegas, bar none. The truffled edamame are the perfect way to start, then you really can't go wrong with any burger on the menu. Best ingredients and thick, homemade patties. My mouth is seriously watering right now as I'm typing this. If you live anywhere near a Bachi Burger, treat yourself to the best burger of your life.
773	0	Food = 4 Stars Service = 1 Star Location = 3 Stars because the patio was closed and this is where we originally wanted to sit  :(  I came here on a Sunday evening, It was PACKED! We had to give our IDs to the desk to get a table pager; which I found uncomfortable with. 20 minutes later, our party of 4 gets a nice booth in the back. The server was cute but seemed rushed. We gave her our cocktail order and it took about 10 minutes for her to bring them back. Most of the ice appeared melted already in my Margarita but it tasted Awesome even though the salt had all fallen off.   We placed our order for the apps and food and that was the last we saw our server for the night until paytime. The chips and Guacamole were awesome. I really enjoyed the salsa as well. My salad was rather boring, so I was going to ask the server to bring me some black beans or something to add to it, but sadly she never came back so I ate it how it was. Everyone else had mexican dishes and loved their dinners. The refried beans were really good.    I never was offered a water or cocktail refill :( I was freaking thirsty by the end of my meal!! My poor Bf tried the spicy sauce and had nothing to wash it down with by sour cream lol   We wait for what seemed like and endless time for the girl to bring the check after we had finished our meals. My bf wanted dessert, but it wasn't offered so we paid and left.   I would go back... But definitely not let her wait on me.
1952	0	It would be zero stars if there was an option.   I will ever visit this place again. It was not busy when we arrived but we still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. That should have been my 1st clue to leave.    When we were finally seated the waitress appeared offering water we were already prepared to place our order from waiting so long.  She took our drinks order and about 15 min later the drinks arrived. My drink came in this Palm tree plastic cup hmm ok whatever it taste good so we placed our food orders and waited and waited about 30 min which would have been fine except when they brought the orders out it was the wrong items. I ordered the BLT wrap which was correct but my husband who is super sensitive with his food had ordered the carnitas plate. They bought him tacos. He is a diabetic and was very hungry and edgy at this point. We did not take the tacos the waitress said he ordered tacos my husband said no I ordered the carnitas plate. We said being the check.   Check arrived and they charged me $24 for my drink WHAT it was from the slush machine I was charged $11.25 for the plastic Palm tree cup I told her I didn't ask for the take home cup and didn't want it. She said you can just leave it then.     By this time I had it wrong food order waiting forever to be treated like this. Never again  I will be sure to share my review with others
177	0	I came here for lunch the day after my 21st and don't remember it being as spectacular as others have described. I do remember the line stretching out to Circus Circus and the variety of food being underwhelming. Definitely beats Hometown Buffet but for $20+ at lunchtime, they aren't the greatest deal on the strip, either. The quality of food seemed a notch above some others on the strip but it is definitely a bit overpriced considering the lack of variety. I would rather eat at Pharaoh's Pheast.
1900	1	This dinner was a great experience all around.  Our server, Dennis, was top notch and made great recommendations.  Be ready to spend some money (especially if you get a featured app and wine) but the beef wellington for 2 for $100 was well worth it.  It actually brought tears to my eyes it was so unbelievably good!  We had the small seafood tower for an app, split the wellington and truffle mac & cheese and toffee pudding for dessert.  This restaurant is one of the main reasons I will go back to Vegas.
1141	1	Hubby and I are here in Vegas and coincidently Bachi Burger was featured on DDD, so we had to check it out and OMG....it is worth the drive off the strip. We had the oxtail chili fries as an appetizer. I liked them, but hubby was not impressed. He thought they were a little sweet, but they are dressed with garlic alioli that is quite tasty. I had the Bachni Burger, which was the BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD!!!  The meat was extremely flavorful and the condiments that accompanied the burger were wisely chosen and accommodated the flavor of the burger perfectly. We also had the pork sticky buns which were tasty as well. All in all, I would HIGHLY recommend.
36	0	I really was expecting more from this. My mac and cheese was kinda bleh. I figured a place that was known for hot chocolate...er frozen, whatever...would have comfort food down pat. Getting seated was kind of a nightmare, and the atmosphere was too bright and crowded for my taste.   I would have tried it again, but several months later I found Max Brenner, which was everything I wanted Serendipity to be.
1012	0	I am not sure if it is the fact that this Lee's Sandwich is located in Las Vegas, that the owners feel compelled to follow the lead of other well-known and loved California-based eateries (i.e., Pinks Hotdog, Sam Woos) that set up shop here, by jacking up the price and cutting back on what it serves.  At least that is what I think after visiting Lee's post their officially grand opening.  Sandwiches still taste the same, except you just get less of everything that goes in between the fresh baked baguette (meat, pickled radish and carrots and even cilantro and slices of chilie).  Iced coffee still tastes great, except you get more ice than coffee.  Even if you ask for less ice, you will get less ice but also a cup that is not full (imagine an inch of nothing to top of your plastic cup).  Anyway, the place is new and very nice looking.  Staff is still trying to master the sandwich menu, so I am sure eventually they will get faster with the orders.  But unless they start to serve what we can get normally at all the other Lee's sandiwch shops up and down California, potential customers are better off patronizing other local banh mi shops.  And there are quite a few of them just a few blocks down Spring Mountain Rd.  I wish I can like this Lee's Sandwich more, but after a few visits I am too disappointed to want to go back.  As it stands, I feel that this Lee's is trying to set the bar extremely low for what customers should expect from this location, perhaps not realizing that a vast majority of the patrons have had the Lee's experience from California prior to visiting this one.  I can only guess that as a new food service operator in Las Vegas, they failed to do any sort of market or demographic analysis and/or extremely ignorant of the commonsense knowledge that roughly 50% of the visitors that come to LV are visiting from CA (land of the Lee's Sandwiches).  So we will see how well they fare after the novelty wears out, because without a course correction I see only iceberg ahead for this Titanic of a Lee's Sandwich.  (UPDATE) - From Y: A worker told him to ask for "less ice and more coffee" when ordering their Lee's Iced Coffee, otherwise the future lawyers fulfilling the orders behind the counter will do exactly as the customer requested. How knew ordering a effing cup of the common Vietnamese Iced Coffee is the stepping stone to studying for the LSAT.
224	0	I value my abilities to move and breathe. Highly value. I simply could not handle this place when it was so crowded.  This place may be all find and dandy for some people. A lot were enjoying the DJ and the 'dance' floor, but there were only a few corners here and there where you can actually interact with anyone. While trying to find a place to stay and drink we were away by security saying we were too close to the elevator doors, when it's the only place to stand.  So what did we do? We left and found someplace else. I know it may be unfair since different clubs have different atmospheres, but I just found this place to be nothing but uncomfortable chaos. People pack the smoking balcony not just to smoke but because they needed rest from squirming their way across a 50 foot room.  Tao Nightclub was just not my cup of tea at all, unfortunately. I hope others enjoy it more than I did.
1086	1	Ladies and Gentlemen we have a winner!  The Hines' have awarded the Gordon Ramsay BurGR the winner of the best burger challenge. Yes, it's not in Southern California, but this burger has me wanting to jump on a plane at midnight for a juicy bite.   The jalapeno poppers were delish and the surprise* popper added excitement to our evening. *one jalapeno still has the seeds inside adding some mystery and  heat to dish  To be fair in our process we ordered a beef burger, cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato, although the other burger options were very tempting! The burger arrived hot, and smelling amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly and when cut in half was just barely manageable to get my mouth around for a bite. Each bite was every so tasty and not one ounce of grease dripped down my arm. The bun is great and you don't end up with no meat and all bun at the end. The Just Fries were more then enough for us to split and were overshadowed by the tasty burger, but from what I remember tasted pretty good as well.  Yes, the burgers are expensive, but 1, it's Vegas and 2, it's Gordon Ramsay.  *Not sure they take reservations, but if they do, I STRONGLY suggest making one, otherwise look at a 1hr wait, minimum. I wanted to stand out front after we were done telling people the wait was worth it. But hey, if you have a wait, wander around the Miracle Mile of Shops :)
1149	1	We were here on Tuesday evening and were seated within 5 minutes for a party of 5.  We had the Korean Prime Kalbi, Prime Kalbi, Flat Iron Garlic, Beef Toro, Bulgogi, Salmon with Bacon, Enoki with Bacon, and Japche.  Everything was delicious and the meat was very tender.  My kids are picky and they ate almost everything, which was amazing.  Service was very attentive to us.  We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
1926	1	I saw in another review that this is owned by The Cheesecake Factory and in hindsight, it makes total sense. Large variety to choose from no matter the time of day (or night), huge portions, super tasty food. My hubby and I come here for the cream of chicken soup, of which I am typically not a fan. The first time I tried it, I was hesitant but since I was guaranteed to love it, I had nothing to lose. The first bite was okay, the second bite was pretty good, by the third bite, I was sold! Now I can't come to LV without having it at least once. Outstanding service every time.
462	0	The food is pretty good for a coffee shop. The amenities is lacking, we got our food but we had to wait for the silverware.  We had to ask for condiments and plates which took a while. The server looks like he's walking on sand that's how slow he was. Never again not worth it.
140	1	This is our special occasion restaurant even though it's not too fancy. It's kind of in the ghetto, but it is so worth the drive.  Everything I have ever had here is fantastic.  Not sure what it's called on the menu, but the crispy prawns with their heads are super yummy... and the drunken noodles, nam kao tod, tom kah kai soup, coconut ice cream which seems like it is home made, sticky rice dessert, etc. are all unbelievable.  Oh I can't forget and my new fave green papaya salad...so nummy!
1780	1	- The Skinny:  Food Quality: 5 Stars -  Great pizza! Get the Meatball, Pepperoni, or their most popular slice, "The White".    Meatball - Large slices of Meatball and globs of ricotta cheese.  Pepperoni - Large slices of real pepperoni, makes pizza chains seem like they are using intimidation pepperoni?     "The White" - its all cheese, fresh ricotta, and garlic sauce. There is no pizza sauce on that one but trust me, its good! My wife loves Chicago Deep Dish Pizza and dislikes NY style, but this was the best pizza she ever had.   Pricing: 5 Stars - $5 a slice, if you're hungry, get 2 slices as they are large, but thin (NY style). It costs more than other pizza joints but factor in that it's located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.   Service: 3 Stars - Nothing incredible but it is just a pizza counter and they are just mashing out pizzas. The workers were friendly and helped me choose some good slices. There is a little bit of a wait but its worth it!  Atmosphere: 5 Stars - Has a real NY pizza place feel. A couple pinball machines and some TV's playing sports. Hallway is decorated with vintage vinyl records and adds some class but once its opens up to the pizza counter, its straight NY style!   Place is really a secret, I had to ask 3 different hotel employees to find it. Its a hallway that is missed in a blink. Its to the left of glass elevator and across from the "game lounge" (pool table, scrabble coffee tables, wooden dice seats).   Comfort: 3 Stars - It's a narrow hallway any little counter space to eat, but you will be there just to buy and run so no worries there.   Location: 3 Stars trying to find it but as far as theme goes (being a secret, 5 Stars) - Place is really a secret, I had to ask 3 different hotel employees to find it. Its a hallway that is missed in a blink. Its to the left of glass elevator and across from the "game lounge" (pool table, scrabble coffee tables, wooden dice seats). With a name like "Secret Pizza", mission accomplished!   - The Fat:   My in-laws were in town and of course we needed to take them out to the Vegas Strip. There was 25 of us so no need for a sit down dinner, especially with many small children. I found "Secret Pizza" on Yelp and opt'ed to go there as we made our way to the Bellagio fountain show.   It was tricky to find, had to use my GPS and ask 3 hotel employees to get there but it really is a hidden treat. You will have to wait a little bit, I was there on a Sat night around 11pm and we waited about 20-30 mins?  The pizza is delicious! hot, fresh, and kills any other pizza I had, only rivaled by Grimaldi's Pizza in NY under the Brooklyn bridge. I would go out of my way to go here again. If you are on the strip and want fast, inexpensive, but quality food, go to Secret Pizza!!!
768	1	We heard that breakfast here was a chance to eat a fairly affordable meal ($15-$22) at a Thomas Keller restaurant.  We came here on a weekday morning just after 9am and were seated promptly with a smile, a few rows away from the small pool outside (the hostess joked that it was the Venetian's "kiddie pool").  The restaurant is smaller than I thought it would be, with very high ceilings and an airy, sunlit atmosphere.    I had the Breakfast Jardiniere with eggs over medium, choosing a chocolate croissant.  It was obvious that the chefs really pay attention to the details.  The croissant came first with a cup of fruit.  Flaky and amazingly buttery, the croissant had delicious bittersweet chunks of chocolate.  Each cube of fruit, whether grape or cantaloupe, was sweet and ripe.   The eggs came with a toasted brioche, sauteed spinach, and a side of potatoes cut to the size of nickels.  The eggs were an incredibly deep yellow color (from naturally-raised chickens, perhaps?) that I haven't seen from eggs in ages.  The light oil and salt on the potatoes made for a tiny dance of flavor in my mouth.  The sauteed spinach came with big chunks of garlic.  I'm a real garlic lover, so I actually wanted an even stronger garlic taste from the spinach, but I couldn't complain about the tender texture.  I also tried the Oeuf Au Gratin, a deep dish of baked eggs that was a spoonful of richness.  Their coffee was excellent, and their orange juice was very good as well.  I'm recommending this breakfast to all my friends that are headed to Vegas.  Breakfast service ends at 10:30am I believe, which might be difficult for the night-owl party types in Sin City.
861	1	FIVE STAR EXPERIENCE extremely attentive and knowlegable wait staff.  we went in the middle of a shift change.  the waitress introduced us to our new waiter...the transition went smoothly.  staff knew their products and were always willing to go the extra mile food was amazing!  we ordered the japaleno poppers, onion rings, and the euro burger...omg!  my husband is the epitomy of a carnivore.  he loves steaks and burgers.  however, whenever he eats a burger he does this super IRRITATING ritual.  he typically takes a bite...puts it down then says "mine are better."  it typically NEVER fails.  i didnt think here would be any different.  today, he looked at the burger picked it up and took a bite...then he did something he NEVER does...he took another bite...then another...and another.  when he was competely finished he stated, "perfection."  the bun was slightly crisp at the edges but warm and soft in the center.  the patty was perfectly seasoned and wonderfully juicy.  it was awesomeness on a plate.   we'll be back!!
1622	1	Treated a very dear girlfriend of mine here for her birthday in January. We started off with a shake each and lobster mac and cheese. What treats we had! Each of our burgers were superb! The service, from what I could remember, was not too shabby either.
710	1	Love love this place.The orange juice is freshly squeezed and sweet. Worth the money they charge. Big portions and reasonably priced. Very clean, great customer service. Haven't had a bad experience yet. Open 24/7 which is a good thing. The pastas are really good.
346	1	I'm so happy I got a chance to eat here. The restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall off of the strip and isn't much to look at. When you get inside at first it looks like your typical Thai place. Then you take a moment and realize the walls are covered with celebrity chef pictures who have been to this place. You then notice the very impressive wine collection. The place is also consistantly packed. Now to the food it was literally a party in our mouths. The food was so incredibly flavorful and bright. It was hands down the best Thai food I have ever had and will make a point to come back every time I'm in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place to anyone. The service was also very quick and attentive.
528	0	Eek.   Went to this buffet two days in a row during a trip in Vegas. It drips with mediocrity. You'll notice they have SO MANY choices but none of them are executed well.  This buffet leaves you with a full belly but little satisfaction.  The mini donuts were fab. 2 stars.
1868	1	Gotta love the gourmet burgers with an Asian twist. Actually got my pal and her friend from Chicago to try the place and it passes the "Chicago Test"...being that everyone I know from there is picky about food...Chinese sausage, 3 kinds of mushrooms or maybe Korean BBQ and Kim chi on a burger sound weird? Maybe but it's REALLY GOOD STUFF
1253	0	A. Drinks are easy to obtain without utility of a Fullback to get to the bar B. No prob getting in C. If you like being surrounded by Cali Flips, this is the spot for you D. West coast vibe is prominent which is a major negative   I will not hit again.
815	0	Everything in this whole hotel has to do with tits. The room had giant cleavage 'art' on the walls. The casino is full of hookers and men in Hawaiian t shirts. The pool is a hole in the ground full of dirty water. and.. I was not surprised when I noticed the giant cum stain on the couch cushion. If you are a dirty old man then this is the place or you!!!!!
21	1	Im in love. The food here was so delicious. So many things to try. I recomend the sukiyaki noodles and the spicy chicken with lemon sauce. For dessert tey the honey bread. Its so fen good. A bit pricey but its worth it. The staff is so friendly, so nice. A must try if your craving korean bbq.
266	1	This wasn't on my to-do list, nor did i know of it from Rachael ray  or man vs food. Searching yelp one morning and looking for something else besides hash house and denny's / ihop / buffet i came across this.  And wow.  This place feels homey. Decor is really cool with western american style wooden tables and chairs that didn't come off too tacky . Plus outdoor seating and this place is slammed on a Friday morning? Must be a good place.   Looking through the menu, my eyes caught a special that was simply prefect. Chocolate pumpkin pancakes. The waitress kept talking them up after i ordered so i was excited but gave a negative vibe to my friend, making him feel like his dish wasn't as good ( he ordered the Mexican style omelet ). Coffee here comes in a carafe making the experience pretty top notch as coffee goes quick in my breakfast meals and i always feel like i am always trying to get more refilled.  The pumpkin chocolate mix in my pancakes was awesome and hands down the best breakfast i had in Vegas. The egg's here are epic. One side order came with a lot of bacon which looked lost in the eggs. The eggs and bacon were a course of their own.   Tried a little of the Mexican omelet it was good too.  Honestly for the cost of the meal and added experience it was a honestly my favorite breakfast throughout whole  trip. Next year I am going to come at least twice when i visit.
396	1	When in Vegas....  There are so many places to get a good burger, but a great burger AND a shake?! Yeah, Holsteins Shakes & Buns at the Cosmopolitan is the spot. Located on the second floor right off the escalators, look for the cutest cows. The decor at Holsteins is really eye-catching and cute. According to one of the servers, they just changed the artwork last week. (Check some out, I took photos.) There's a bar in the front and the restaurant is located towards the back.   Right after you are seated, you are treated to delish popcorn with cajun seasoning. Seriously, nom nom nom....I could've eaten it all and then some. But, I knew I had to save room for my shake and burger. Hubby and I decided to share a shake and a burger since we didn't want to be stuck with leftovers. That was a good choice because for $9, you get a quality size shake and the extras (that don't fit in the cup). We ordered a vanilla shake that just might have been the most delish shake I've ever had. It was topped with a lot of whipped cream and these tiny pearl balls that were so yummy. We decided on the FUN-ghi burger ($17) which is a beef patty topped with forest mushrooms, caramelized onions, gruyere cheese, frisee, and truffle mayo. Every burger comes with fries and they were yummy! The burger was juicy, messy, and flavorful - but not sure it was worth the $17. (I figured it was hotel food so, hence, the jacked up price.)  Overall, service, atmosphere, and the food were awesome. I would give this place 4 and a half stars, but rounded it up for Yelp purposes. (Gotta take into consideration that it's a food place in a fancy hotel and on the Strip, so you know you are gonna have to pay a premium for food.) In any case, if you've already checked out Wicked Spoon and Secret Pizza at the Cosmo, Holsteins is your next best choice. More popcorn, please!
890	1	My 300th review, and what best celebrates that then with a review for the best darned breakfast/lunch joint in TOWN! I'm from San Francisco, and I wanted to eat somewhere OFF the strip. (I was staying at Vdara). So I yelped Egg and I, and ventured off the strip with my rental car and my husband. My husband of course was a bit hesitant to venture off the strip, but he was SO happy I found Egg and I. (We ate here every morning of our 3 day stay). It was seriously that good.  We ordered- breakfast burrito (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+ chicken fried steak: A (better to get sauce on side IMO) chicken omelet (it had a "special" name to it) A+ Denver omelet (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+ whole wheat pancakes (HUGE ORDER!) A+ Portions are big, so don't order too much!  Service was great! We had the same server all 3 days. She was surprised to see us back on the 2nd day, but was just laughing when she saw us the 3rd day. A bit funny I know :) She made sure our visit was pleasant, asking if we needing anything. The only thing I needed was help walking out their door, since I ate so much.   I hope Egg and I continues to serve great food. Sadly we don't live in Vegas, so we can only visit when we need to sunbathe and gamble :) So that's twice a year, hopefully more!  Thanks Egg & I, for a 5 STAR experience.
382	0	So lets get to the chase, Frozen hot chocolate! So good but so expensive. well luckily I was able to watch the Dbag angry bartender Jesse make this this while it took 30 minutes to get an actual hot Chocolate also.  12 oz cup = $10 or  3 heaping cups of hot chocolate mix, 2 scoops of ice, and a cup of milk = make it at home Serendipity your service is slow and not friendly at all, I dont even know why I tipped the bartender when he got angry when I asked where my friends hot chococalte to go was at after the first 15 minutes of waiting and then waited 15 more minutes at the bar.  GO TO MAX BRENNER!! It is inside the forum shops the shakes are better, the service is better, and you won't get a hissy fit from an employee if your customer is just asking where a drink is when you are just standing arround talking.
1143	1	Great BBQ. Service is fast and with a smile.  You get 3 unique sauces for your BBQ.  Set plates are plenty for the number of people you order for.  The place doesn't smoke up so there is good ventilation and a nice environment with plenty of space between tables.  Seats could be comfier though.
1829	1	We ordered the gangnam combo for 2 and a couple of happy hour specials. Service is fast  Beef toro and prok belly are decent  Mushroom medley is cooked already  Korean choke ken cheese fondue is very tender  Combo for 2 can feed more than 2 by the way A lot of the meat are in the sweeter side though
368	1	Phenomenal.  In a city with so many dives, this one is a great find.  We went early, so we were lucky to get a seat at the bar (just barely!) where bartender/mixologist extraordinaire Allison  Bignell treated us to libations and burgers.  Let's just say that my partner is a finicky drink man, and Allison worked him like putty, awing him with drink after drink.  The "AJ SPECIAL" with Smirnoff Whipped Vodka, Ciroc Coconut Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Coconut Sorbet was amazing.  OK, enough about the drinks - let's talk burgers.  You can't go wrong with any burger.  Of course, get it medium rare or rare.  By the time we left (wobbled out), the line was out the door and around the corner.
1553	0	Blah! Blah! Blah!  My hubby and I came here with such high expectations after reading/ hearing all the reviews... and boy were we ever disappointed... infact my hubby got kind of quesy after eating here and we returned to our hotel to sleep it off... Yet another buffet that I will not be coming to in Vegas
38	0	I purchased a Groupon for my Vegas trip.  The reviews were mainly average or bad so I took a chance.  What an idiot I am!!  There was a wait which was fine.  I gave my name and number to the semi-nice host for a text message when table will be ready.  She said 15 mins.  I decided to go gamble.  The machine was paying too, however I realized it was well over 15 mins and went back to host.  She said she tried texting me 3 times and showed her logs, which is odd.  I received other text messages and FB messages but not hers. She placed me back on "the list."  About 5 mins later another hostess sat me and hub, she was not friendly.  The decor was nice, semi-clean.  The server was all over the place.  We had to hunt for her a couple of times.  She tried to be friendly but she appeared that she was overworked and just started that day.  The food was not good.  I would have done better looking for a Taco Bell.  Trust me....forget this place, so not worth your time and money.
67	0	Stay somewhere else!!!   Called the front desk at 8am to fix the shower...ummm it's only 3pm still can't shower?!?   Waited in line over an hour to check in. Rude front desk.  With all the choices in Vegas save yourself some disappointment and stay elsewhere anywhere else!
253	1	It's been over 6 months since I've been out to Vegas, and to Shake Shake specifically, but since when people ask me for recommendations in Vegas, SHAKESHAKE is basically my #1 recommendation, I figured I'd better write a review! I initially heard about ShakeShack from friends that traveled to NYC, and basically it was described as a "classier In & Out" Burger.  haha, which may or may not be true.  They have different menu options, so that is what appeals to me.  As a Vegetarian I was thrilled by their SHROOMBURGER on the menu!!  It was nice to be able to have actual protein source instead of just getting to try fries & a milkshake like at other classic Burger Places.  Also, when I was there I ordered the CONCRETE-SHACK ATTACK with chocolate custard, chocolate truffle cookie dough, chunks of dark chocolate and plenty of chocolate sprinkles and fudge sauce!!  And naturally I ordered crinkle Cut french fries to accompany all this yumminess!  My hubby opted to by a pure Chocolate Milkshake as a classic, and a baseline to compare to other places.  He did think it was delicious, but after having a few tastes of my Concrete, I think he he would have opted for one of their specialties!  And, you can even design your own concrete, and pick the toppings to go in as well, so that is always an option if you don't want to try their Signature Concretes.  To be fair, in Vegas, there is not a shortage of burger places such as Gordon Ramsay, White Castle, Wahlburgers, Burger Bar, Fat Burger, In & Out etc.  And, I haven't been to a majority of those to be honest, so I can't really speak to what ShakeShack compares to.  But, I just figured that I'd trust New Yorker's... I figured they would know what is up with their New York-based fast Food Chain. ;-)  And, they have vegetarian choices, so that is even an extra bonus to me!!!
321	1	This shake shack is awesome! I tried the one in Washington DC and didn't like it but gave it another chance here in Vegas.  You HAVE TO get the Shack Stack with the beef and mushroom! It is UNFORGETTABLE. So cheesy and warm and satisfying. The is also on the sweet side kind of like those Hawaiian rolls. You can skip the fries, they're average. I ordered the biggest order with the cheese and bacon and regretted my decision.  I love the vanilla shake! So creamy and deliciousssss. The frozen custard was just okay and so was the root beer float.
234	0	I visited serendipity 3 during Christmas week with my family and we expected to wait a long wait to be seated. But as went up to the hostess she greeted us horribly and in an awfully rude way she told us it would be a 45 min wait, and asked us for our phone number so she would text is when there was an opening available. She never texted us to let us know. When the next family behind us went to make their reservation the hostess greeted them in a nicely manner. After we decided to order from their outside stand, we ordered vanilla and the lady told us she ran out of vanilla but the next guy behind ordered vanilla and she gave it to him. She was also very rude about not having vanilla. We were visiting the Bay Area, California and that is all I wanted a nice experience at Serendipity like john cusack had on serendipity but no that did not happen and my first time experience at serendipity was ruined.
1160	1	came here for dinner on Feb 22. when i showed up they were very freindly. told me there was a 10 min delay. so they took us to the bar. we ordered drinks and right before we got them they told us our table was ready. i knew what i wanted before i even walked in there.  that was the beef wellington. but i wasnt just about to order i was going to enjoy the whole experince. the waiter introduced himself and his assistant. gave us the bread and water. $9 a bottle. so it isnt free guys. they showed us all the cuts of beef. they all looked awesome. we ordered and waited a fairly good amount for the food. thankully we ordered the shrimp. that was some good shrimp. delicious. then our orders came in. i received the beef wellington and the wife got the chicken. that thing melted in my mouth. the chicken was great too. the wellington was medium rare. cant wait for another visit.
1961	1	My husband and I are in Vegas and we have a craving for Korean food.  This place has a lot of great reviews and we thought to give it a try.  It was absolutely awesome!  Well worth it!  The staff is attentive and very friendly.  Definitely a place that we will visit again when we come back to Vegas.
1209	1	Awesome place. Located in Mandalay Bay Hotel. Good beer list and extensive menu, with obviously their specialty is burgers. I built my own with a fried egg and I followed it up with a chocolate shake. The service was great. My favorite place for burgers and can't wait to go back.
1432	1	Womp..... OF COURSE THIS PLACE GETS 5 STARS.  Trust me, I wanted to break the best-pizza-ever-i-promise streak!!!! But... its THE BEST PIZZA EVER, I PROMISE! I lived in the New Jersey/New York area for quite some time so I've tried pizzas from Hoboken to Brooklyn. Let me tell you, this pizza can DEFINITELY compare. I swear there's something in their water. Their crust made me jizz my pants.   If there's a line.. just WAIT. Please experience this ride for yourself.  Takes your pizza dreams where they've never gone before.   Also, they offer hipster beers (pbr, etc) for cheaps!  Can't wait for another marquee/secret pizza night in VLV.
91	1	Once again, Hash House A Go Go is a must! I hit Hash House A Go Go on Friday for lunch. I got there a bit before noon and only had a 15 minute wait for lunch. My previous two visits were about the hash so this visit had to be about the Chicken and Waffles.   Wow, the plate, like all of their others, was huge! Two with drummies and about two full waffles with the bacon cooked into the waffle. Making this to order took about 20+ minutes for it to get to the table and it was worth it. Gotta say the chicken was good, the waffle was good but as another review said - a little more syrup (okay, "Maple Syrup Reduction") would have made it a bit better.   I ate about 2/3 of the plate and gave up. I was so full I did not need to eat for the rest of the day.  This restaurant stays on my must-visit list for every time I go to Vegas.
193	1	i have been coming here for the last 8 years or so.  i first heard of LOS in a gourmet magazine article and had to try what the craze among all the food critics was all about.  from the first time i ate there till the um-teenth time, it never disappoints.  i always stop by for lunch when i'm in las vegas.  i've enjoyed almost everything i've tried here...don't forget to try some of the northern thai items...the northern style larb and pork stew is especially good.  then finish the meal off with coconut ice cream and the coconut sticky rice with fresh mangos.  N.B. if you go for lunch, do not get the buffet.  you've been warned ;-)
1479	1	Amazingly awesome service, food quality, food quantity, and prices!  The hash was fantastic and fresh made.  The pumpkin flapjacks was not to sweet but just right.  It didn't even need the butter or syrup.  And the sage chicken benedict was off the charts!  The chipotle sauce had a nice heat to it.  Just perfect with the mashed potatoes, chicken, spinach, tomato, biscuit, and egg.  Excellent!
472	0	The website mentions a multi-million dollars renovation... uh? The Riviera is completely outdated, the rooms are divvy, the beds uncomfortable... the overall experience was just lame. The best part, there is no way to sleep with the air-conditioning on, in Las Vegas!!! The A/C units are too old and sound like an engine in the room. We will never go back.
1001	1	We stayed at the NYNY hotel and walked past this place quite a bit before we decided to stop and try it. I had the Roadshack (I think) with fries. It was delicious. The burger was cooked perfectly and had really good flavor, the caramelized onions on top were also super delicious. We had a chocolate shake that was very good. It was chocolaty but not too sweet, like it was made with real chocolate. It was a little crowded i side but that's to be expected. Customer service was also oustanding!
826	1	This place was expensive by normal standards, although for Vegas standards, not so much. I had a regular burger, which I thought would just be average but was AMAZING. I also had one of their adult milkshakes.... OH MY GOSH it was so good and barely tasted like alcohol. I wanted to go back here the next night for dinner. That's how good it was. A must go to in Vegas.
1665	1	Excellent Korean BBQ!    In fact, the best I've ever had--and I've had quite a bit all over the US and Asia.  First off, the location is convenient and not too far off the strip right across from the Hard Rock Hotel.    The strip mall. It's in is clean and the interior of the restaurant is modern and tastefully decorated--and again; CLEAN.  It is open until 1 am and we arrived about 11:45 pm.  Although it was late and near closing, we still received excellent and friendly service without ever feeling like being rushed.  We ordered the most popular meal package: The Gangnam which came with a variety of meat cuts and marinades, rice bimibap and assorted dishes like Kim chee and what have you.  They also brought out fresh oysters as well as steamed mushrooms.  Again, everything was super fresh and absolutely delicious!  Highly recommended!
851	1	Tuesday morning is a great time to go, there were several open tables when I arrived for breakfast. I've been here on weekends and the place can get packed.  This time I went with one of their hashes. One had jalapenos and I had to go for it. Spice level for me (a Southern Californian used to spicy Mexican and Asian foods) was fine, though it might have been too much for someone with a more sensitive palate. The hash reminded me of homemade hash, not that garbage in a can that some people think is real hash.  Service was prompt and friendly. Other people in the restaurant were ordering some of the more 'twisted farm food' and seemed to love it. Breakfast and coffee came to $18.10 - a reasonable price in my book.
1674	0	I know it's Vegas and that places are overpriced. Well, this is one of those places, at least for breakfast. $35 for 2 people to eat breakfast is a bit much in my book. One of us had an omelet and the other pancakes, so it's not like we were eating gold plated eggs benedict. The plus side is that there are plenty of TVs in the place, so if you need to catch up and want a cup of joe, this might be the place for you. For actual food, I recommend someplace else unless you want to drop even more unnecessary dough in Vegas.
145	0	I'm about to go on a Vegas binge sometime soon, this review was supposed to come earlier but I've been busy this whole year! Anyways, I digress, here are some quick tips:  1. At time of writing, Bayside Buffet does still have discounts through MyVegas the facebook/iphone app.   2. Strategic timing is key. If you come at 10:45 AM for Breakfast M-F, you can get in for $17.99 and then stay for lunch when it's bumped up to $21.99. This is just common Vegas buffet savvy though! However, this DOES NOT work for dinner as it does start at 4:30 PM regardless of the day.  3. Brunch begins at 7:00-2:30 on Saturdays/Sundays.   We rolled in on a lazy Saturday afternoon around 1:00 PM towards the tail end of brunch. We knew that there might be a lot of people waiting to get in, but we weren't prepared to see that the line was pretty much completely empty. Regardless, we walked up presented our MyVegas discount to get in for 2 for 1 without problems, and then walked up to the buffet.  I remember around twelve years back heading to the Bayside for the best crab and the best desserts on the strip. A lot has changed for the worse. It seemed as though almost everything that we had was either lukewarm or cold. Even things that were supposed to be under heat lamps were still cold!  Still, being hungry, we decided to sample what they had to offer. I picked up various pieces of meat from the grill, some italian dishes, and tried their sushi. One of the things I figured out quickly was their was really low quality and the steaks that they had were mostly tasteless and full of gristle.  Furthermore, the pasta sauces were watered down and the sushi was a complete utter joke. Then again, sushi at Vegas buffets are usually not really top notch at all, but this was just seaweed covered disgusting, cold, and hard rice.  The dessert section was not any better. Most of the stuff was melting and leftover chocolate streaks from stuff already taken by other guests was all over the plates. Most places at least replace the plates that food was taken off of.  Anyways, what upset my girlfriend and I the most was one particular dish. There was a baked rolled up piece of salmon that seemed like it was going to be hot. As I cut into it and opened it up, I discovered that the inside seemed to be raw. Note, this was not some sort of fancy salmon tartar or salmon sashimi, this was supposed to be a baked piece of salmon that was fully cooked.   Anyways, I notified the waiter who promised to talk to the chef. I watched this interaction to see what would happen. The chef talked with the waiter, looked at the fish, set it down, and went back to laughing and talking to another coworker. The waiter came back and told me that the chef said it was cooked, but when I asked for the waiter's opinion he told me he wouldn't have eaten it because it looked raw.   At this point, I asked for a manager. I couldn't believe that the chef would be so careless with his guests. If he truly believed that the fish was cooked, then he should have come back and served that piece of fish to me. Instead, he didn't even come to hear my feedback or anything. Anyways, the manager chewed out the chef, took note that really almost everything was cold, and also comped our meal. So props to the manager who deserves 5 stars, but the rest of the buffet deserves 0 stars.  I would not come back to the Bayside Buffet, but perhaps your experience will be better! Best of luck to you all! :)
784	1	When we're in Vegas, we stay in the Venetian 90% of the time.  Having the restaurant right near our elevator is a plus, just a short walk and you'll get some great food.  My wife and I already enjoy The Cheesecake Factor, so with this being a sister company, I was sure we'd love it (and we did).  During our last visit a few months ago, where we stayed for 4 days, we at there at least once a day.  We ordered pizza, steak, italian, burgers and always had a very enjoyable meal.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly and we'll be going back again and again during each future visit!
389	0	At 1:15 am a third party "engineering" company was on site cleaning out the "traps". The sewage smell was /is overwhelming. It appears this happens every two weeks. It's a very harsh way to be woken up. The fumes actually made me (and the staffer who came up) nauseated.
832	0	Prices are low here and the Indian restaurant in the food court is good. The bed was  comfortable but the lobby and common areas need updating badly.  It seemed pretty dark and dingy even during the day.  It is pretty far from the main attractions on the strip.
1776	1	I've been here a few more times, so it's time to update my review.  They have such interesting combinations that we always order one of those instead of trying to make our own.  I haven't seen these combinations anywhere else.  I've tried the Miyagi-san and the crab cake burger.  Both were delicious!  My husband always gets the mushroom burger.  I really like the fries with cilantro and jalapeno; it really adds flavor to the fries.  The burgers are really big, so I can never order a shake with burger and fries because that's way too much food for me, but I tried my friend's peanut butter shake and it was really good!  The new Summerlin location is very convenient too!
209	0	This Westin has slipped. We always stay there for Furniture Market because the parking is free and very abundant. It also has the Heavenly beds which I love and a Starbucks in the lobby. Yeah! But something has changed and service has slipped. I'm not sure we will stay there again despite the fact that we are Starwood preferred members.   My room had very spotty air conditioning which was important since it was 107 degrees. So I called down to get someone to come fix it...yada yada yada...he comes...says he's fixed it. Temp doesn't change. Finally fall asleep exhausted from the day...hot and sweaty in the not-so-heavenly bed. Then the next day their solution is to move me....I don't want to move all my unpacked stuff to another floor from my colleagues one day away from leaving. She sends guy again. This time he discovers that he's left a critical part off the air co causing the air not to flow. Then it works wonderfully. Other issues...floor not swept or vaccuumed any day we were there. Trash left out in room....not "subject to interpretation" trash but things like crumpled paper and little creamer carton from the very very weak starbucks in room coffee.   Anyways....nothing was tragic...life is too short to get too worked up...but it does seem that there has been a dramatic shift since in the past it has been such a nice experience.
289	1	Quite possibly the best burger I've had. How many times have you ordered a burger medium rare and it comes out pretty much well done? Not here. My blackjack burger (ciabatta bread/jack cheese) was THICK and cooked perfectly, a little crispy on the outside and very JUICY on the inside. Even the included skinny fries were pretty good. At $14 it was totally worth it. I also had a twinkie milkshake (great idea). It tasted great, but probably not worth it for $9.
154	1	Had an early dinner here with my bff.  We shared a liter of wine, and it was the best stinkin cab I have ever had.  Sadly, I don't remember what it was.. maybe cuz of the 1/2 liter of wine I had that night.  haha.    The food here is amazing!  Started with the hazelnut beet salad and wine glazed pork belly.. the salad had pickled ramps that were so tasty!  No strong onion flavor.. it almost tasted like asparagus with a light spring onion taste. And the pork belly was crispy and creamy at the same time!  Served with a ramp custard, the two were a match made in heaven.    For the main course, I had the pork loin served with a baked ramp custard, roasted Anjou pears and morels... To die for! Kinda tasted like Korean food.. which is a good thing.  Pork and green onion pancake (sahm gyup sal and pah jun).  My friend had the lamb, but I can't say too much about that since I don't like lamb.  :)  For dessert.. we had the creme brulee and Ill Flotante.  The creme brulee was pretty standard, but the ill flotante was like a fluffy cloud of dreamy goodness.  Haha.  it was soooo amazing!  airy meringue in a sea of anglaise and a little gravy boat of fleur de sel caramel sauce.. holy mother of all good desserts.    For the two of us, we spent close to 300.. yes, it's pricey, but for a splurge meal, it's as good as it gets!
1993	1	The hubs was right ~ the best Thai food ever.    The restaurant is unassuming from the outside, but once you step in the doors, a nice wine cellar is the backdrop for the hustle and bustle of a wonderful establishment.    Friendly service.  Super flavorful dishes and moist, tender meats.    We ordered:  - Crispy Rice appetizer - spicy and sour.  Puckering.  Party in my mouth. - Beef Salad - tender beef slices on tasty greens - Chicken Skewers - so dainty and tender.  Not your average chicken skewer. - Duck Curry - tender and lightly crisp duck pieces over noodles with curry.  Star of the show.   All delicious.  Very, very good.  Thanks, Lotus of Siam ~ you guys rock!
483	0	Oh my, was so insanely disgusting.  I was stupid enough to bring my kids and they had to listen to a lady, if you can call her that, yell and cuss all afternoon.  I asked the employees about what they would do with her and they acted like they had no idea what I was talking about.  The over $25 per day resort fee was just astounding.  Paying for what?  Not to use their pool?  Was just filthy and gross.  Hard beds, nasty bathroom.  Like a pedophiles paradise.  I may be scarred for life, as will my kids.  I feel robbed.
972	1	I went here with high hopes and was not in the slightest bit disappointed. The waitstaff was very helpful and polite. Our waiter brought by a cart of meat to show us the cuts and explained them to us. We were started with a variety of breads served with smoked salt butter. They were terrific. I ordered the filet and it was great. I've been to other steakhouses and this was to die for. Had haricot vert on the side. It was tempura fried but a little greasy. Probably wouldn't order it again, but it wasn't terrible. Also had the creamed spinach on the side which was pretty good. I almost died and went to heaven when I was served dessert. I ordered the sticky toffee pudding and it was the best thing I've EVER eaten. I would go back a million times just to eat this dessert!!! I left here stuffed full but wanting to eat more! Will definitely go back in the future.
1802	0	I came here for a quick birthday treat with my friends and family. Hoping that Serendipity would live up to it's bragging rights as a great dessert shop, and at a really good location, I was slightly disappointed.  Now, first, lets just talk about the positives about the shop. I think the frozen hot chocolates does live up to its expectation. It is amazing, and delicious! We had the classic Serendipity regular hot chocolate, and the amaretto hot chocolate. My favorite was the amaretto. I would definitely go back to try it again, and I can almost be sure that sometime soon I will crave for it (come spring or summer time). Judging by the price comparison that was described on the photo captions on their yelp page, and their menu, it looks like the prices have gone up. We paid $13  for the hot chocolate size that fits for two. The portion is big and it was good enough for three people to feel satisfied, and less guilty. The onion ring tower was ok. It is seasoned with grated Parmesan, and it comes with a BBQ and Ranch as dipping sauces. We also had the lobster and artichoke dip with bruschetta slices. That was about $13, and felt really robbed. 8 small pieces of bread and  miniature cup of dipping? I wanted to cause a scene for that ridiculousness!   Now the bad side, the service is freaking horrible. I mean, seriously seriously bad. I'm pretty easy going and it's very hard to let me down, but on the day of my birthday when everything was going great the one thing that slightly destroyed it all was the service. The hostesses weren't really doing their job. We had no welcoming greet, no small talk, and I even saw frowns on their faces! Then, our server Jessie didn't really tend to us very much. She asked us only ONCE if we wanted more water and that was AFTER she gave us the check? She never even checked up on us, and the place was freaking slow! Her "have a nice day" just seemed so insincere and animated. I just felt like I was completely disregarded, and that I was some person who didn't deserve some decent service because I didn't "look" the part or something. I just felt so bad..i mean this is the second worst service I've ever had and the first was McDonald's! But I can't even blame them because they are probably slaving in the kitchen at a low paying wage!   Work at McDonald's flipping burgers if you aren't gonna even TRY to give good service! For the price I fork up for freaking frozen hot chocolate I should at least get decent service.
1897	1	We came here looking for a great burger and a great time and got both.  Walked in and got seated right away and had a nice waiter who was on the ball.   Ordered the Berry Fresh cocktail, the Jalapeno Margarita, and a couple beers (one was the house lager free when you check in with Yelp).   All came to our table very quickly and were quite tasty.  They don't skimp on the alcohol here.     I ordered the Gold Standard Burger and hubby had the Rising Sun.   I loved my burger and if you go upgrade to the Onion rings.  Huge, crispy and delicious!   Hubby was pleased withe his burger as well.  The tomato confit on both of them is awesome.     Food was quick and we were happy for less than 70 bucks in Vegas.    Enjoy!! Can't wait for our Holstein's to open in Portland!
1372	0	I KNOW OF NO OTHER BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, OR ANYWHERE ELSE FOR THAT MATTER, THAT RAISED THE PRICE... AND... LOWERED THE SERVICE!!  After raising their breakfast price by two or three bucks, they now have SELF SERVICE FOR COFFEE, JUICE AND OTHER BEVERAGES.  When those stations are crowded, waiting and spilling is not a fun event at a buffet.  We were told that it was a cost cutting measure so they could fire the bus boys (and girls).  Apparently, this is correct because there were none around, the wait staff bussed the tables.  It also seemed that the breakfast choices were reduced.  This buffet was an up and down love affair for us over twenty-five years.  Now it's down for good.  I WON'T GO BACK!
1266	0	PSA For All Thieves: GO ON AHEAD AND DO YOUR WALLET OR PURSE SNATCHING HERE. THE SECURITY DOESN'T INVESTIGATE AT ALL.   After waiting in that enormous line to check in, I just wanted to relax and play some slots. Literally, the first machine we sat down at, some guy comes sweeping by and grabs my purse. He was gone in an instant. I notified the slot machine attendant who lazily walked over to the security desk. They couldn't have been less concerned. The security guard questioned the witness who saw the man take my purse, but not once did he ask her name or contact information. They never even asked me what my wallet looked like!  Now the runaround began for us. We went to go talk to the casino investigator who wouldn't even check the cameras. We were told what they caught was "random." Yeah right. The investigator told us that we needed to file a police report for them to do anything.   Next we were sent to the hotel manager, Alice C.  I have never encountered such an incompetent manager. All she offered to do for us was call the police. After 45 minutes of waiting on hold, Alice asked if we wanted to go "enjoy ourselves in the casino" instead of calling the police. I was livid at this point because she was so insensitive to make a comment like that and kept referring to "the lost item."  No! It was freaking stolen. Finally, I got ahold of the police and got a police report number. They said that it was the MGM's JOB TO INVESTIGATE. When I told Alice that she said, "Oh, do you want to file a report with us?" I about lost my mind when she said that!  So the investigator comes up to the front desk where we are and brings some useless paperwork for us to fill out. He starts filling out a report too but has YET TO ASK ME WHAT MY PURSE LOOKED LIKE (he never did, btw). My husband asked, "why weren't you filling out that report an hour ago when we talked to you?!" He mumbled some answer like, "I was going to after you guys left." Yeah right. They couldn't be less concerned.   We never heard from anyone regarding my purse again.   Later, a bartender said that stuff gets stolen all the time there. Good to know.   So like I said before, thieves have at it at the MGM. They could care less!
1442	0	Expensive, and just not very good.  It all looked appetizing, just tasted like they have opted to use fake butter and other cooking ingredients.  I have no idea if this is true, just can't think of another reason for the lack of flavor (except for salt...and there was plenty of salt).  The service was good, but they weren't very busy and it was dinner time on a Friday night.  Mot having to wait in line at a buffet on a Friday night should have told us to go somewhere else! We used to buy the 24 hour pass for $48.  It was nice to have dinner and come back in an hour or two for desert, instead of stuffing yourself all at once.  The price has gone up to $78, making it way to expensive for the small amount of food we eat.  We didn't buy the passes this time, just paid for dinner.  After eating dinner, we were glad we had passed on the passes!
1498	0	I guess this is the place drunk people go to eat after a night of hard partying when they don't really care if the food tastes delicious or not. I've given this place a few tries, but each time I've been disappointed. The meat in the banh mi is almost nonexistent and has a rubbery texture, like it's been sitting out all day. The bread is stiff and hard all throughout when a well-baked baguette should be soft on the inside. Service isn't all that different from a fast food restaurant, you get in line and pay for your order, then they call out your number. I haven't tried their American style breakfast sandwiches, but if they can't even make their Vietnamese sandwiches right, I'm scared to taste their American sandwiches. I'd rather take my money to Hue Thai or Dakao.
1415	0	My party of 3 waited about 15 minutes before we were seated on the patio on a Friday evening. We ordered a large pot of tea, Frozen Hot Chocolate, and Bread pudding to share. From my point of view, I noticed that this location is not well kept. You can definitely see the wear/tear of the restaurant. It felt dirty out on the patio and I would have preferred to be seated inside, as I noticed random patrons taking seats in the patio area. The desserts came 15 minutes later and we noticed that the bread pudding probably sat in the window for a while. That is, our topping of ice cream was completely melted by the time it reached the table.  Service was non-exisitent as well as the waiter hardly came by to check on us.   Overall, I was let down by Serendipity. The dessert are overpriced and I felt that slow service attributed my poor experience. Perhaps, the New York location may be able to redeem my perception of this chain someday.
979	0	My husband and I decided to play "tourist" on the Memorial Day weekend.  We started to Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.  While walking thru the shops, we decided to share a yard margarita.  (If we wanted to play tourists, we had to look the part!)  Fat Tuesdays had a line down the hall and around the corner!  So we thought we'd see what else was in the shops.  We thought we were lucky because just as we were about to walk out of the shops, Cabo Wabo Cantina appears with a margarita/daiquiri stand.  We end up getting the  1/2 yard with a strawberry margarita.  The first couple sips, neither of us said anything.  I didn't care for the drink so I stopped drinking it.  About 2 minutes later, my husband looks at me and says "Doesn't this taste a little funny?"   Yes!  It tasted like a watered down slushie/virgin margarita!  We decided to salvage the drink...went to ABC Store, bought Bacardi's Cherry flavor and poured a couple shots in there.  It tasted much better after that.  All and all...the drink cost over $30 (between the cost of the  1/2 yard at Cabo Wabo, tip, and ABC liquor purchase).  Will we go back?  Heck NO!  I'll wait in line at Fat Tuesdays or skip the drink next time.  PS:  This struck me as very strange....Our server at Cabo Wabo was counting her tips.  And not just quickly going thru the cash and then waiting on us.  She was pretending to be interested in us while she was counting out her money.  We told her our drink order and she gave us the "deer in the headlights" look with a blank smile!  She wasn't paying attention to one word we said!  We repeated our order, she recounted her money then got us our drink.  Not sure why it was so important to count her money so intensely but it was kinda weird!
711	0	Get ready for a cheesy south-of-the-border inauthentic experience, with sexist, insulting quotes hanging above the bar (like - the more you drink, the better she'll look). Because this is what you get in Vegas. A nice spot on the strip for people watching, but don't expect much from the food. The food was mostly bland, except for the "spicy" dishes which were just doused in hot sauce. I'm sure there is good Mexican or Texmex in Vegas, but you'll probably have to get further from the strip.
712	0	Worse Customer Service PERIOD! Never come back here again! From front desk to Manager they are all rude. We got the luxury  room booked with 2 double bed. They gave us King bed and my mom end up sleeping on folding bed. Talk to the manager if she can move us to another said NO. Once you get a room, you will never able to move to another room. When we got in the room, the bath tub has 2 long hair! DO NOT BELIEVE the Hotel Amenities: saying they have Sauna, Steam room. NO,  THEY DO NOT HAVE THOSE. I would recommend downtown hotels or the expensive hotels.
1236	1	The Toro beef was amazing. It was so good! The waiter was very nice. My friend got the ramen noodles and it looked really good. I would highly recommend the lunch special for someone looking for food in vegas. Side dishes are amazing! Washrooms are nice.
1886	1	Food - AMAZING Service - superb Dcor - comfortable & inviting  The lobster macaroni and cheese may have been the best thing I've ever eaten in Vegas. It came with a mini lobster roll (not mentioned on the menu) and included a slice of bacon. When I told our server I wasn't expecting that and that I don't eat bacon, they brought me another mini sandwich sans bacon. While we're on the service, Porsha was awesome. She offered to split all our checks before and kept everyone's tabs in order. Smiled the whole time and was super friendly about recommendations.  The Frozen Grasshopper was like drinking the last of your Thrifty's mint chip ice cream. It was a tasty shake, but maybe not worth $11, $7 or $8 at best even with the Frangelico in there.   I also had the sliders, two tasty lil bundles of joy. The only knock on this place is on the homemade potato chips that came with them. I must have got some from hours ago because they were cold and rubbery. I bet a fresh & crispy batch would be very good there and would be great with any burger.  Next time I'm in Vegas, Holsteins is at the top of my dining list.
967	0	Came to Vegas for an all girls trip. My Bestie wanted to try their frozen hot chocolate. I have no idea what it was so i told her go ahead! the 5 of us shared 2 different ones (Original and Oreooo). it was 11 bucks each and the wait to order was over 20 minutes.   When we tried it, it was very very very very very disappointing. I felt like it just tasted like a milk shake, but some milk shakes taste even better... i don't know what the big fuss about it was. I was excited too, because i love dessert, but they were overly sweet and not special at all.  I am glad we split it and didn't decide to buy one on our own....  I will not be back from any more frozen hot chocolate, maybe for something else.  =]
681	0	if i can give 0 stars i would .I came to vegas to have a great time and gamble for my first time and figured hooters would be a good choice, however i was wrong! I have already been to multiple casinos to gamble for my first time and have had a great experience so far but when i went to hooters it ruined my night.First i started playing slots then decided to cash out but the machine had problems so i had to wait 15 minutes until finally i found a technician that helped me with my problem. Then i headed to the card tables to try out some blackjack and was doing pretty good when i noticed a cocktail waitress and asked her for a drink because she was helping everyone else except me . she then asked me for my id with a stuck up attitude and said she would be back soon.20 minutes go by and still nothing, so i switched to a a different table with a different waitress. As i sat down to start playing a cocktail waitress wasn't paying attention and bumped right into me and spilled 2 beers all over my pants and then laughed and felt kind of stupid so i brushed it off and helped her pick up her mess. As i finish  helping her i asked her for a beer and she told me to take seat and play a hand and she would be right back. so she waits to confirm that I'm playing a hand and then sneaks over to her manager to give a description of how i looked and said i was to drunk and says to not give me anymore drinks (which was overheard by multiple witnesses).I then wait about 20 minutes and she's nowhere to be found..I was then approached and told by an eyewitness what was said after i left the table .I immediatley approached the manager that the waitress spoke to and i was told to go speak to the bar manager .As i go over to the bar manager i see the waitress and overhear her telling another waitress that some drunk guy came and knocked all of her drinks over as i walk up to her.I immediately become pissed the **** off and ask her for her name and her. She then brings me to the bar manager and he asks whats going on with a annoyed look on his face , i proceed to tell him whats going on and he cuts me off and rudely says "what kind of outcome do you want from this" , as the waitress walks by and says "you can even ask everyone at the table what happened" with a smirk on her face. I then ask for his manager and he brings me to the head night manager at the customer service booth.I then proceed to tell her what has happened, he then comes back from a 30 second walk and says to his manager that everyone at the table confirmed what she has said, (as i look at the table none of the players that i played with were there!!!!!).His manager then said that theres nothing she can do about it and the bar manger then said that maybe i should get a lawyer with a laugh and walks off!I immediately left there casino and will never return.not only that but i will be contacting a lawyer tomorrow morning to pursue the slanderous comments that were said by julian with a civil lawsuit . As you can tell I'm obviously not drunk but pissed the **** off and encourage everyone to go to any other casino except this one!
199	1	While I base my culinary life on David G.'s teachings, I must have been there on a good night or had a little Vegas luck left over because I had an amazing experience! He's right- the place has pretty much nothing English about it and is a two story glass box, but I did like the welcome; upon approaching the Host desk, you are greeted by a half dozen Identical 6 foot tall brunettes in the same little black dress. I thought I'd wandered onto a Robert Palmer video set! (lf you haven't heard of him you betta ax somebody!). We were then escorted upstairs to a rail side table overlooking the bar and entrance areas as well as a spectacular  chandelier- type lighting fixture. Very well appointed room and tables.  WHEN YOU GO- We started with the gnocchi and fried oysters. Both were very good with the oysters being my favorite. Perfectly crisp and juicy at the same time, I could have had three plates of those and been very happy. I also had the filet, which was the best I've ever had and I've had a few steaks. I usually order either a rib eye or Porterhouse, but was advised to try the filet by our outstanding server Mathew. And he was right! Perfect medium rare, juicy and flavorful to the last bite, it was incredible. Wifey had the Wellington which was very good, but I found the sauce to be a little salty and the philo didn't stand up to it very well. Good flavor and the meat was perfectly done. We also had the toffee bread pudding and if I could change one thing about the meal it would have been that. I'm not much of a bread pudding fan but after Matthew's home run with the filet suggestion, I followed his lead on this one. Very sweet, and the bread was saturated to the point of nearly being mush. I'll be going for the apple tart next time (my wife wins again!). All in all a five star experience for me. Hope it is for you too!
693	1	Can't believe that ive skipped thisplace so many ti es. Ive been coming to vegas every year since 92 and from the strip it didnt seem worth the stop.  Should have fead the revies. Found it by doing a google search of must see and best of.  Be careful what you order. HUGE HUGE food.  Delicious and top quality. I got a fantastic buger with incredible rings. The environment was fantastic too.  A must see.  The bar area has spectacular ambiance. GOT TO SEE!
1799	1	Amazing burgers.   The meat is just that good and the various styles are are creative and have unique flavors.   I got the rising sun and added a fried egg.  The teriyaki glaze was delicious without being to sweet.  The only thing i would do next time is get it bunless as the burger is huge and the bread really fills you up.  I also got the milkshake the s'mores marshmallow one and the grasshopper mint one.   Didn't care much for the grasshopper one because the mix of alcohol and mint flavor was sort of weird.   The s'mores one was delicious.  Next time i come here i would get a burger bunless and pass on the milkshake.   The milkshake is delicious but really fills you up and makes you not enjoy your food as much.
1977	1	My girlfriend and I had planned a trip to Las Vegas about 6 months ago and Bouchon had been on our list of places to eat since we are a bit on the "foodie" side and really wanted to try a Thomas Keller restaurant. We made reservations for our first night in Vegas which happened to be a Monday evening.   I received a confirmation call earlier in the day which I appreciate. We arrived around twenty minutes early for our 9pm reservation hoping to get a drink at the bar first. Upon arrival, they told us our table would be ready shortly and pointed us to the bar.   The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was as I had suspected it to be. Music playing but not too loud and the decor fit well with the french feel but not too old feeling. The bartenders were quick in getting us a cocktail menu and we were served within minutes of sitting down. The cost of drinks was no more than any other high class restaurant and were delicious. My Bulleit Manhattan was delicious and made perfectly. At 9 o'clock exactly, our table was ready and we were seated.   Our waiter was very nice from the get go and always attentive. He offered up a few suggestions as well. We ended up having a bottle of wine which the sommelier brought to our table. Being big duck fans, we ordered the Confit de Canard which was crispy duck leg with soft yellow polenta, hen-of-the-wood mushrooms & a red wine duck jus. The duck was prepared to perfection and the polenta and mushrooms added some various textures to it with the duck jus giving it a nice bite. We were very pleased.  For our meals, my girlfriend ordered the Gnocci which will melt on your fork if you don't get it in your mouth quick enough and I mean that in a great way. It was probably the best Gnocci I've had. Not too soft and not too hard and the brown butter sauce was simple yet delicious. I decided to mix it up and get chicken which I rarely ever do. It was the waiters suggestion as they are well known for their Poulet Rti. It was worth mixing it up as I thoroughly enjoyed the dish.   Being on vacation, we wanted to try as much as we could so we made sure to save room for dessert. We tried the Profiteroles which while being pretty basic, still hit the spot. I have to give extra points to them as well because they have a Cigar To Go menu with the desserts. Prices weren't too bad either considering what you would pay elsewhere on the strip.  Overall it was a great meal. Service was good. Not exactly memorable but got the job done and had no issues. Food was spectacular if you are looking for a good fine dining cuisine. Ambiance and atmosphere was classy and fun and perfect for Vegas fine dining.  I recommend it and cant wait to try another Thomas Keller restaurant soon.
1990	0	I have never experienced such rude mean service from the security staff. I was there for a bachelorette party this past weekend and holy sht it was beyond packed I'm surprised that the fire department didn't shut this place down. Thankfully we had reserved a table and purchased bottle service everything about the bottle service was fine up until all decided to go downstairs and dance, did I mention how crowded it was.  As we were walking downstairs I was pushed into one of guard the  A$$wipe takes me by the arm and slams me against the wall and starts pulling me thru this maze of a back room. After witnessing how they beat up on some guys I was horrified that they would do the same with me, eventually they asked the meat head that took me back there what i had done and the he said I had given him lip and pushed him, really??? it was an accident I didn't push you I said, after apologizing for something that I didn't do they let me return to the party. I got my stuff and LEFT I was not going to spend any more time there.  The next day I woke up with bruises on my arms and on my legs. I would not recommend this place to anyone it's not worth it this place is way too crowded. I was told that they also took the person who was walking behind me and that they punched him twice.  The only reason why I didn't call the cops was because I didn't want to be the one to ruin the party.
486	0	We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.  The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
1960	1	This place is seriously on my top five places I most love and want to return to. I came here on the first night I finally went back to Vegas.   Everything from the atmosphere to the food, and service was just very on point.   The bar is so beautiful, very elongated and prestigious. The bartender was great, you can't really mess up a Black label on the rocks can you? Very impress with the design and set up.   The food here is so fudging good, I mean I was pretty tipsy but I remember the steak being so perfectly good. It melted in my mouth, I believe I had the bone-in-rib eye with the mac-cheese and spinach side to share with my best friend. Mac and cheese was exactly how it should be made, not extra cheesy but like enough to make the noodle saucy and still textured. Love the spinach sauteed with that parmesan cream. Yum! I am not too sure what he got, but remember trying it and was like damn that's bomb.   The service was really good, from the beginning to the end they were very accommodating and friendly. To my recollection.   I honestly love this place for so many reasons; mainly the conversations me and my bestest always share over bomb dinners, and just overall being totally overwhelm with happiness here.
474	1	Egg and I is a hearty American breakfast place off the strip. My friends and I had the prime rib benny, cordon Bleu skillet, chicken fried steak skillet, biscuits and gravy , and breakfast burrito. We had coffee with our meal. Reina was our server and she was awesome and attentive. The biscuits arrived  cold and she immediately got us a replacement.  The food itself was great and the coffee was serviceable and generously flowing. Definitely a good day after brunch spot!.
1394	1	This isn't your usual Korean BBQ place, no all-you-can-eat here.  But the portions are generous, the staff is courteous, and happy hour just makes everything better!  We happened to arrive during their happy hour, and we were greeted promptly.  Clean, classy atmosphere.  The music is a mix of top 40 and big Kpop hits.  Service is prompt and courteous.  Nothing really noteworthy up to this point.  Then the food arrives -- everything was well-seasoned and good quality.  The meat we ordered was never chewy, a welcome change from Tofu Hut.  Their prime kalbi was surprisingly marbled, definitely my top pick of the evening, followed by the green tea/mango cheesecake for dessert.  If you're looking for tapas-style Korean BBQ, Gangnam certainly makes the grade.
1439	1	Fantastic start finish!  At first walking in you don't know what to except. The hallway to get there is cold and well... HIDDEN. The menu is short and sweet. The only downfall is it doesn't list toppings. But that detail is so minor compared to the rest of the experience. They have made to order pizzas for you to choose from. Or you can order an entire pie. My group picked the white pizza, combo, sausage and banana pepper and I picked the pepperoni and mushroom slices.  We ordered our drinks. The boys picked some beers and us girls went with wine, which was $6 for a large plastic cup filled. We were thrilled! Nowhere ever gives you that much wine for $6.. Let alone in Vegas. Our pizza took about 5 min to come out. And every pizza looked and smelled delicious  but then eating it was even more amazing then what my first two senses were showing me.   After we finished our slices we went back for one more slice of the white pizza. IT WAS THAT AMAZING!  I will be back to Vegas in 2 weeks. And will be back her for sure!!
1929	1	I had to update, because we've been back several times since my last review. They've really turned the trashy counter situation around. It's like 95% squeaky clean now, which is great. The pizza continues to be awesome. We have never had to wait for more than a few minutes. I look forward to friends coming to town because that means we get to go to Secret Pizza. Happily upgrading to five stars!
102	0	I have frequented the Spice Market a number of times when I  was in Las Vegas.  Every time it was excellent probably the best in the city.  I took a party of 9 today for breakfast, spending over $180 only to find the quality had fallen off significantly.  As examples, the cheese on the cheese platter was dry and the edges curling.  The baked oatmeal was so over cooked that you could not get a serving spoon to break the  crust.  The bowl of compote at the crepe station were very unappetizing.  In fact the bananas foster with peaches resembled vomit.  I infact spoke to the manager, Keith, and his.attitude was that he could care less and did missed my comments.  Save your money and find another breakfast buffet.  This review should actually have 1star but the attitude of the waitstaff was excellent.  The only.redeeming feature of this Buffett.
643	0	I will NEVER go back. My brother took me once and we had a great experience. My husband and I purchased the groupon deal for the last time and wow it was awful. We sat in the crowded room with oyr table about a foot away from the next table, so there was no privacy. We sat THERE FOR 15 MINUTES until I asked one of the many people walking back and forth if we could get some service.  The couple sitting next to us got so upset they left. We had already paid so we decided to stay. The drinks were EXTREMELY sour, like it was the bartenders first day. The mashed potatoes had no flavor and all the meat was cold, chewy and flavorless. Worst money ever spent on a restaurant. Pick fogo de chao or texas de brazil instead.
201	1	From the owners of Cheesecake Factory this place is delicious. I'm a gym rat and I was surprised to see many healthy options. Even offering a side salad instead of fries at no extra charge. I ate there twice at my stay at the palazzo. For lunch I had the grilled chicken avocado sandwich which was very good and for breakfast the fried chicken and waffles tickled my fancy.  Everything was presented and prepared very well. Service was good and prices are average for what you would pay on the strip. Large portions too! I will be back.
1821	1	If you're in Vegas and you're looking for KBBQ, you ABSOLUTELY MUST come eat here! This is the best KBBQ I've ever eaten. Literally everything was really, really good.   We ordered the Gangnam to split between 4, and subbed the miso soup for the kimchi chigae for no extra charge. It was enough food to provide us another meal. I really appreciated that the meats were fresh, had their own flavor, and were not overly salty. Food highlights/must haves: kimchi and bibimbap.   Staff here are super nice and accommodating!
508	1	This place was great!...its not in one of the newer and hotter hotels on the strip (Paris), butnthe food and service were spectacular. I went with all the signatures and they didint disappoint.  Beef Wellington was tender, juicy and full of flavor and for dessert we had the Toffee pudding. MAN O MAN the thought of toffee flavored pudding put me off a little bit, but damn I was wrong, it might be one of the best desserts ive ever had. The drinks,apps, and service were top notch, I really recommend a visit.
246	1	We are non locals; came here for Happy hour and we stuffed our faces for $36 total. Totally worth it.  Food:  Pork belly- flavorless Bulgogi-good Spicy Pork-awesome Complimentary side dishes lacked freshness. Environment: Clean and modern Service: Dave was an awesome server! We kept ordering more and he was friendly and patient with us.
347	1	As a Ramsay fan..... This place was like heaven; however it's quite hard to make reservations. We were lucky that we walked in randomly and got a seat.   Before you order, waitresses bring iPads to show pretty photos of drinks and interesting gifts of Ramsay that you can purchase .  Fur gras (best I ever had )  Beef willington (even though it takes 90 minutes to prepare, it's so worth it. It melted on my teeth)  Stick pudding (another must have)  South side drink was quite good ( ask them about the story behind the spoon in the drink)    Service was amazing. I got shiitake mushroom and potato as sides, they were wayyyyyyyyyyy too salty. When the waitress asked if everything was alright I didn't want to complain. All I said was how it was good but a lil on the salty side .The minute after the manager came over and replaced the salty ones with freshly made new plates that is perfectly seasoned . Super impressive
46	1	Admittedly, I would have given this place four stars due to the sheer exorbitant prices if it weren't for the amazing, if not the best, burgers I have had in my 26 years of life. And believe me, I've had my fair share of burgers. Okay - enough about the rave and onto the food:  I must start with the free starter popcorn, which was perfectly salted and just the right amount of butter so good that I had to ask for second!  For appetizer, we ordered the Surf and Turf Quesadillas, which has a combination of broiled steak and lobster that complements surprisingly well topped off with Manchego cheese to give it a rich texture to go along with Avocado cream that leaves a rather refreshing after taste  For main course, I ordered the Rising Sun burger (A must have based on other yelpers' validations) and the steak fries as a side. The juicy Kobe beef spread with the Teriyaki glaze just burst with flavor, but not too salty as it is matched with a slightly sweet addition from the cripsy yam. At the same time, the Spicy mayo and tempura avocada adds a tantalizing kick to the already delicious burger all on its own. I also added a fried Egg which just kicks it up another notch. The steak fries that came with the burger just left me speechless as I could not even taste the grease but had so much crisp and flavor that left me licking the seasoning off of my thumbs   All in all, what more can you ask for than a perfect burger and a beer in a chilling afternoon at Vegas? I would have liked to try Truffle lobster Mac N Cheese but there just was not enough stomach to fit it all or time on the agenda to come back for round 2. Definitely a 5 star unforgettable experience - Super winning!
421	0	Good god this place is disgusting. It smells like old cigarettes and looks like an old cigarette. You know those Dateline specials where they take a black light and expose things like poo and sperm all over the bed? This is totally one of those places. I even had a dream one night that I got pink eye. So why give it two stars? I got to give it some credit for sucking as hard as it does.
1077	0	So i went to this place for my birthday... my expectations were set high and sadly it did not meet. I assumed the meals would be large in portions and the prices to me neutral but was the complete opposite. The food was not that good especially for the prices. I did enjoy the decor though! ALSO the "frozen hot chocolate" was a let down i expected different.
1963	0	So I was really excited to try this place.  I heard Pink's is the #1 hot dog, better than gray's papaya in new york.  I seriously couldn't wait after I saw that Planet Hollywood had a Pink's there.  i decided to order something different.  It was the hollywood dog or something like that..  I didn't like it at all.  I didn't want to try anything else because I paid $16 for a hot dog, fries, and a coke.  They get two stars because I liked the fries.  My friends told me I would like the los angeles location better.  Hopefully it is better than Las Vegas.
916	0	Came with my family i paid for four an my cousin paid for four an they refused to sit us together they said it was against company policy with so many empty tables unless we paid 18% gratuity for serving water an soda.  Food wasn't fantastic spit 3 things out crab legs were dry so was the brisket, and ham. How can you mess up butter
1226	1	Highly recommend getting there before they open at 5:30pm. We got there at 5:15pm and sat in the car, then slowly a line of people started to form. We literally got a table when they open at 5:30pm. Service was amazingly quick and attentive. The food arrived within 5 to 10minutes. The price is on the higher end for Thai food- average about $15 to $30 for entree, but it's well worth it. The menu is very extensive and it's sorted by the region of Thailand.    The garlic prawn comes with 8 generous pieces and flash fried with garlic seasoning. It was delicious and the shrimp was crispy. The prawn was deshelled therefore consumption is very convenient.   The crispy duck with the noodle was one of my favorite. The duck was tasty with a crispy skin. The flat rice noodle was slightly pan fried and complimented the duck really well. Pretty much, it's  similar to the Chinese chow fun (pan fried rice noodle) atop with crispy duck.   The Thum ka noon was minced pork with jackfruit. We randomly ordered this and it was interesting. It would be really good if it's eaten with rice. Overall, the food was very well seasoned and I cant stop burping after the dinner. I will definitely come back and try different entree. I'm curious how good a simple pad thai or pad see ew would taste in here?
1813	1	I saw Lotus of Siam featured on the Travel Channel and it received rave reviews as the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  I visited there for lunch and was not disappointed.  This is not only the best Thai I've had, but one of the best restaurants I've ever visited.  The prices are reasonable enough to ensure that I will be a repeat customer.  During my visit I ordered the fried wontons for the appetizer and the Thai spaghetti for the main course.  The spaghetti was delicious and perfectly prepared.  I visited on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was busy for lunch.  Nevertheless, I got a table right away and the service throughout the meal exceeded my expectations.  After the main course I ordered the coconut ice cream, which was the perfect way to end such a great meal.  The portions were all suitable for one diner, negating the need for takeout boxes.  The menu is large enough and features a varied assortment of Thai dishes that will make you want to come back and try something new.
51	1	I've been going to the Shake Shack for years in Philly and NYC, and being on the West Coast now, I was so excited to see the beloved establishment in Vegas. I was in Vegas for 5 days, I went to the Shake Shack 5 times. - I always go for the Double Shack Burger - the beef is super moist, seasoned, tasty. The cheese is delicious as well. - Crinkle cut fries - get them with cheese on it! - Concretes are solid as well. Be prepared for a quality, delicious burger here. The only drawback is I wish it were bigger!
1245	1	Sad fact: I've lived in Vegas for over seven years, and it's only recently that I had a chance to eat here. Sad, I know, but with the Riviera closing recently, the lure of "Old Vegas" got me in the mood to try more classics.  Worth the wait.  The place scream '80's neon decor. It's a lively atmosphere with music videos on the TVs. Without a doubt, the vibe of the place was the biggest appeal to me here. I tried one of their benedicts, and the flavor had me charging through my meal (it can be said in my defense that I was very hungry that night). Again, I sampled their Bloody Mary, and that was "Yes" and "Please".  I did not, however, sample their Fireside Lounge this outing, but I did go in to check it out. I love their fire pit. It's really impressive, and now I have to find an excuse to go dress up and experience it proper.  This is a classic restaurant. My only regret is not visiting it sooner now that I've been able to experience its food and appeal. While I have grumbled in the past that Vegas doesn't respect its history, I hope they have the smarts to leave this landmark location alone, and let it continue to do its thing.  I can see this becoming one of my new favorites.
1162	0	We came here for the Nachos, which many people seem to order and my friends had seen it and couldn't stop thinking about them. Well I have to say, what a disappointment!! We ordered the 4 cheese Nacho platter (we have a vegetarian in the group) and asked them to add black beans, which they charge extra for! The nachos come out with very little pico de gallo, and literally a sprinkle of black beans. The good thing was the waiter came out with a bowl of more black beans b/c he realized how very little we were given (so yes A for service).   The nachos were just not good. One of the 4 cheeses tasted like Velveeta. I think for this price the nachos need more substance such as jalapenos, onions, pico de gallo, salsa, beans...   Oh and another think this place has pretty bad smell in certain parts of the restaurant (poor sewage perhaps?)
788	0	I recently visited Golden corral 2641 in Las Vegas Nevada for breakfast with Dad.The place was nice and clean however the  customer service was horrible. I was ignored several minutes while standing at the  omelette station by the employee  Eva that was in charge of it . The Manager (Tomas) was also behind the counter  so I asked him, did they make fresh eggs? He replied yes, so I stood there waiting patiently for Eva to ask me what I would like . The entire time of me standing there, she never looked up and gave me any eye contact even after me trying to say good morning and addressing her by name. The next thing I know another employee whom I assume was on their lunch break walked up to the counter. She immediately acknowledged him, start speaking in Spanish and started making  his omelette. Still giving her the benefit of the doubt. I thought maybe she didn't see me so I stood directly beside him. She completed his omelette gave it to him and turned around and walked away.  At this point I realize I was being blatantly ignored, so I turned to look for the manager that I initially saw behind the counter. Before I could say one word  planning just to ask him if Eva spoke English he goes into a rant saying "we're working here ,working here" This is a new promotion...I guess referring to the omelette station that I didn't had no idea was new or old . I was in such shock the next thing he said to me was so what kind of eggs do you want? At that point my appetite was ruined I felt disrespected. I looked for my dad who was just about to sit down to eat his food and told him to leave it. Then asked the manager immediately for refund. After realizing his mistake he tried to apologize but was too late. I then name and he just gave me a card with no response I asked his name again and then he blurted out "Tomas" this is no was to handle A Dissatisfied customer. The problem would've easily been resolved had he said the station was not open, when I asked him did they make fresh eggs. Eva or Tomas could've simply said the station wasn't ready.
197	1	Absolutely amazing! The place was busy but we were still seated right away. We didn't have to wait at all for our food. Our banana nut muffins were so fresh they were still warm. We all got different things off of the menu and liked everything we had. Lisa was our waitress- she was very friendly, and very efficient.  We will definitely stop here again when we visit vegas!
1246	0	I came to Vegas for work during April of 07. A friend mine took me here because of a good past experience when they were part of the Aladdin. What a freakin mistake! Well, a man near by our table suddenly stopped breathing.  The paramedics came and let's just say the people who handled this were NOT thinking. They evacuated nearby tables (ours of course) without being relocated to anywhere else. We were just standing like dumb asses and we couldn't go back to our tables (which we had our valuables). How the heck were we supposed to eat standing up?! I've written a letter to their VP of food and beverage, Mr. Rick Holliday end of April. No response to date yet.   Oh yeah, the man was ok but we weren't so fortunate.  The food wasn't great and the experience made it that much worse. Note: this is the only place I have given 1 star
1770	0	(...one-star for my girl who kept her cool when things went to sh*t...)  *sigh*  I used to like Tao.  Used to.  Past tense.   But the reprehensible and abysmal customer service we recently encountered on numerous fronts border on cataclysmic.  Ill Communication... (Beastie Boys, 1993) 10 days prior to Vegas, more than one person in our entourage attempted, valiantly and persistently to secure guest list accommodations, all to no avail, no recourse, no reply, no acknowledgment from Tao staff/management.  Fine... it happens.  The Tipping Point... (The Roots, 2004) So, uncertain of our status on the guest list, we made a conscious effort to arrive early to stand in line, arrayed in a 16 girls to 6 guys ratio, the ladies looking delectably hot and the gents dapper smooth (or at least passable... meh!). For over an hour prior to opening, we stood there (at the front of the line), as did countless others behind us, until a security/bouncer announced, "regrettably" of course, that they had over booked the guest lists and no general admission guests would get in.  Hmmph...  Frustrating and a ridiculous, considering those guest-lists were in circulation all night and some idea that they were over-booked should have been evident much much sooner.  But fine... that kind of thing happens too, I suppose...  By All Means Necessary... (Boogie Down Productions, 1988) At this point, KT, in her most tactful and professional demeanor (... and a vivaciously flattering top...), set out to see what could be done.  We were told to go ahead and just get in the guest-list line.  Then told we weren't on the guest-lists.  Then directed to speak with "that guy"... who told us to talk to "this guy"... who said to KT, "Sorry, there's nothing I can do, try another club".  Wow, really?  Stakes is High... (De La Soul, 1996) During the horrific menagerie outside, three friends, assured we would get in, threw down the $grand for table/bottle service and were awaiting our arrival inside.  Aghast that we were turned away, they negotiated for 7 of us (5 girls, 2 guys) to get in; the other half our crew had gotten in by just walking up to the counter as-if they were on the guest-lists (Bum Rush The Show... Public Enemy, 1987).  As it would turn out, another doorman would demand that we purchase another bottle @ $300 for the admission.  Hmmmm, really?  Your bottle service, as it were, allots 3 guests per bottle and there were only three people inside with three bottles.  Ludicrous.  Tougher Than Leather... (Run DMC, 1988) So, we walked away... no club is worth that much stress, drama, and runaround.  Yeah, I used to like Tao... USED TO. _______________________________________ BIG-UP BIG-UP BIG-UP!  Some of you guys were cool (clip-board guy with the faux-hawk and the Polynesian guys),for trying to do all you coulda/woulda for my girls/crew, thank you much anyway.
1540	0	ABSOLUTE CRAP.   We were staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and I mistakenly suggested that we try the buffet for breakfast. Service was horrid - it took forever to get coffee, juice, creamer. I think our server was busing tables too, so maybe they were just understaffed. Every station had an insane line. The set up the restaurant is just bad - none of the sections have two sides so every area is a choke point.   The food was marginal, at best. This was such a horrid mistake - unless you are into Quantity over Quality, skip the buffet and eat at someplace like Citizens, instead.
743	1	Great food and good service. The Shackcago Dog was just perfect for me. And the shake was great. Crispy crinkle fries with not too much salt were tasty. Got there at 10:30 am and there was already a line. Once it opened the line moved pretty quickly. I'm local and will definitely go again.
1079	0	Me and my friend stayed her for NYE 2010...let's just say I checked my self for mysterious bites as I returned home. There was nothing special about the room. The interior of hotel, hallways, casinos, and room felt old. The only thing they had improved, in my opinion, was a coat of paint. Which was applied over 35 year old paint.  I would never stay here again and it closely compared to my stay at the Travel Lodge, which was expected because it was a Travel Lodge and I paid for that level of comfort, or lack there of.
1363	1	I did not know why people were raving about this joint until we were seated, served and tried the food. Wow!! The food was awesome, from appetizers to the hamburgers.    We arrived around 9 PM Friday night. After a ten minutes wait we were seated. Our waiter (Jerry) was professional, polite and took his time with us on deciding on our drinks. He gave us the I Pad which had the drinks menu and browsed all the different drinks they have. After ordering our drinks we went ahead and ordered food.  THE APPETIZERS:  -Truffle Parmesan Fries--@$11.00 Hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt, truffle aioli, They cam in a cone shaped paper and they were delicious.  - Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings--@$9.00 these were just fantastic. Nicely fried, served in a Cone accompanied Chipotle Ketchup and ranch cheddar dip.  -Roasted Jalapeo Poppers--@$12.00 this was our favorite of all appetizers. They are served in a glass platter divided in 6 compartment each holding one popper with  Cheddar bacon, cheddar ranch sauces on the bottom of each one for dipping.   THE BURGERS:  - Farm Burger-- I had this one with additional beef patty. This was topped with duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese and fried egg. I asked for mine to be cooked Medium rare but got it around the medium. Still, the beef was so tasty in every bite I took. The duck bacon was flavorful and the eggs yolk oozing down was and extra addition of flavor combined with the aged cheddar cheese. 5 stars for sure. - Farm Burger--my friend had the same with only one patty. He thought In and out was great and when he tasted this one he was blown away.  -  Southern Yardbird Burger--This is what my friend had and she loved it.  Chicken burger, sharp cheddar, mustard bbq sauce, pickle and butter lettuce. -  Earth Burger (no meat)--My daughter is Vegan and she enjoyed this creation of this veggie style burger. Grilled portobello mushroom, fontina cheese, arugula and roasted tomato.  THE SHAKE:  After having such a big meal we did not think we have enough room for anything else. Then when our waiter Jerry suggested we try one at least, we decided to go with the Caramel Pudding Shake. Oh boy Oh boy Oh boy...we all shared this one, It was huge and let me tell you we all loved it so much. So rich and thick YOU MUST TRY IT.  We really enjoyed the GRB experience. This is one of my stops for burger and shake in Vegas.  Be sure to show your Harrah's playing card to get discount.  This whole dinner with three beers and two cocktails including tax came to $162.00. I say it was not bad at all.
1792	0	I'm sorry.. But I just don't get this place.   I didn't like the menu... I didn't like the food.... I didn't like the service... Didn't like the fact that I waited over an hour to be seated..... Didn't like the price... Their drinks are small and... well, just bad.... Didn't like the club/ restaurant thing going... Even their air con pissed me off... lol......   Yes, the decor here is amazing and inspiring blah blah.....   *urgh*
1252	0	Do not come here! The security guards harass you, especially if you are a pretty girl! They gave one of my friends a hard time getting in just to have the excuse to feel on her. After that we called a manager and he denied the whole thing and said that she was being aggressive towards security and then didn't let her to go in the club. Some of us still went in and it was extremely crowded, not enough space to dance. Drinks are $25 plus. Do yourself a favor and spend your vegas night elsewhere.
1832	0	If you want a good buffet.... Unless you're on an insanely tight budget and just craving a buffet for the fun of variety, skip this. You'll pay double for dinner elsewhere but it will be a million times better.  On the other hand, if you're just going for a fast, four course meal: salad, soup, entree and dessert you WILL find one yummy option in each genre and be satisfied.  Most of the meats were over cooked and tough or flavorless, or both. Fried chicken was good and the chicken Marsala was too. Roast beef was "just okay", the horseradish sauce was weak sadly.  Mashed potatoes were kind of lumpy. Gravy had minimal taste. They only had one vegetable side that I saw, corn with onions???   Pasta dishes were blah but: shockingly they had *awesome breadsticks* and decent pizza.  Mexican station was nice. Nachos were pretty good with all the fixings. Well. Not all. They had no guacamole.  One major gripe: something insane happened to the guacamole (like maybe a kid put something weird in it) and they refused to put any more out even though the buffet was going to be open two more hours. The lady who pointed it out and a few other people nearby were obviously disappointed. It wasn't worth saving the $ on not putting more out to piss like 5 people off.   I skipped most cold/salad options as food born illness is usually found in uncooked food. My fianc tried the ambrosia salad and liked it and wasn't ill or anything.  The tomato bisque was like a jazzed up version of Campbell's but I liked it. Chicken soup was fairly pleasant as was the Mexican meatball soup.  Desserts. They ran out of the only thing I was interested in: pistachio Creme brle and left the sign out to torture me. Running out so early in the night seems lame. Leaving the sign up to prove it is a fail.   Some cakes were dry (I'm looking at you carrot cake) and others were plushly moist (yes you hot smores lava cake).  They had good drinks (those included in buffet), Mt dew was really fizzy and had plenty of syrup to soda water ratio. Hot chocolate and coffee was available as well as milk and Pepsi products.  Overall, I wouldn't visit again because they didn't have enough well prepared meats or variety of side dishes. However, I don't regret going because we did have plenty of food to nosh on and the smores lava cake saved me from utter dessert disappointment.
452	0	Pretty disappointed with the food. The group I went with had a few huge Hooters fans so we definitely had to stop in for some wings. Unfortunately they were a huge let down compared to every other Hooters we have been too.  Cold wings that were more expensive than normal combined with a basically nonexistent waitress made it pretty unexciting
1355	0	pretty much horrid.  this is NOT fusion food.  it's basically chinese food juxtaposed with mexican food.  the waiter asked us if we wanted chips and salsa and we said yes, like we would at any other mexican restaurant.  little did we know we'd be paying $4.  poor ger-ger wanted guacamole not having seeing the menu and didn't realize it cost $15!    extra chips?  another $2  shu mai that taste like it came from costco, six little pieces, $14.  what a rip off.  never again.
290	1	The best breakfast i ever had. U need to wait to get in there. Worth wait.  Any Omelet here is awesome wit Sides Cajun fries or french fries. Fruits on the side.  We ordered 7 different omelets. Each and every person have their own specifications. All our orders are perfect. The waiter's here are pretty cool. If i stayed back in vegas and longer i would eat my Breakfast only here.  They offered us the Banana Muffins after our meal. Thats really awesome. We couldn't eat them so they gave us ToGo.
1706	0	Went for breakfast - I remember this place being much better several years ago. Waiter was kinda a dick (until I tipped him!), the food was mostly cold (I'd say over 60% of the food was at room temperature). The bonus - no wait. Blackberries are good.
1750	1	Ate at Bouchon during breakfast, and it couldn't have been more perfect. I ordered the American breakfast which included, coffee, juice, a gorgeous pastry, plus eggs, bacon, sausage, and beautiful brioche. I ordered my eggs poached and they came over brioche toast points, in a decadent butter sauce. The coffee was pored from a silver server, perfectly brewed, and my juice was fresh squeezed. All this for 22 dollars? Perfect! Thomas Keller is the man!
1375	0	I'm surprised that majority of the ratings are 4 stars. My guesses are depending on your palate of what you like to eat rather than quality etc. Next is depending on the day you go they may serve better things, lets say the weekend. I came here on a weekday for dinner and i didn't each much because nothing seems good to me. I go to Vegas quite often and pretty much tried 90% of all the buffets in Vegas. Not embarrassed to say, people don't call me a buffet queen for nothing you know. So I am comparing them to each other. Here is a few things in a nutshell:  The Chimichurri sauce was extremely spicy without warning. Although I guess its my fault for not catching all the chilli flakes that were in there but it would have been a nice courtesy to put that on a menu card. (minus-1/2 star) The biscuits were hard and cold as if it may injure someone if I threw it across the room. I even questioned if it was suppose to be for display only and I grabbed it by accident since they were cold. (minus-1/2 star) The presentations of the food were ok not great. For a place that big, I would have thought there were a lot of varieties but there wasn't. The seafood are not as fresh as many other buffets I have had in Vegas. The desserts were good but again not great. They had macarons which I love but they were thrown all over the place on a dish. Some fell off to the table and some were pretty broken up pieces that shouldn't be placed there anymore. (minus 1-star)  In a way, I kind of like how we can grab our own drinks at the beverage bar yet I also see it as part of a service. So you can be the judge of what floats your boat. The service was great though as the server looked at my receipt while I was getting my food first and when I returned he greeted us my our last names. Very professional. They were friendly and grabs my old plates away pretty quickly. There were ice cream but the person that scoops it was not there. I stood there for almost 5 minutes before she came out from the kitchen. First time this ever happened in Vegas. Don't they have coverage should she need to walk away for a minute?  Cost: for about $30/dinner, I have had much better and more variety of selections.  I understand maybe its because the beer and wine are unlimited but think the customer should have a choice to opt out and not pay for that portion if they don't want to drink any alcohol there. (minus-1 star)  So overall, this place is descent but seriously for the price you pay, I wouldn't eat there again as I had much better elsewhere for a fraction of the cost. See my other reviews for more reviews on other buffets.
699	0	This place was just bad. Stayed at the hotel and tried using their $20 off coupon featured in their booklet only to find out after waiting 30+ minutes in line that the coupon is only accepted if you buy the whole day meal deal so having waited so long I bit the bullet and still went with it. Big mistake on my part. Over scrambled eggs, rubbery pancakes,  dry waffles, bland sausages. Maybe I picked the wrong things but just seemed all over poor quality for a meal that's usually hard to mess up. Even the chocolate milk tasted off (how do you mess up chocolate milk!!) would recommend looking up better places.
1865	0	Food over priced & mediocre, especially the rattle snake/cactus appetizer for $17.95, deep fried & mostly all cactus.  Potatoes are ala carte. Kids screaming so loud, little to no conversation possible, and about the poor bull stuck in a pen, if they are not exercising him, I hope animal rights takes notice!
1594	1	Made it a point to make it over to Shake Shack on my most recent trip to Vegas for CES.  Wasn't that crowded at ~10pm  Ordered the single stack, cheese fries, soda and a custard cup.  First off, don't compare it to In n Out.  They are both great in their own right.  I would compare Shake Shack to Super Duper Burger in San Francisco.  The patty was very good. Seared nice and juicy.  The highlight was the bun.  I believe it is a potato bun.  It is awesome  and just a moist bun, nothing I had before.  The burger is pretty small and I was thinking I should have gotten the double patty but I think I had my fill of calories.  That is why it reminds me of Super Duper Burgers.  The cheese fries were great.  As good as Nathan's cheese fries.  The custard was great.  Almost as good as Luv-it Custard.  The odd thing is that sodas are single serving and not the soda fountain.    All in all, I thought it was a great burger joint, and I wish they'd open on in San Diego as we really don't have many good burger places except for In n Out and Islands
1366	0	First of all they couldn't find my reservation. After waiting a good fifteen to twenty minutes I'm Then told oh I found it, is it ok for two double bed room? I said not really. I paid for a king bed tower room.  I want what I paid for.  Let me see what I can do we are almost sold out. I said that's not really my problem I booked this room over a month and a half ago. Oh I do have one. Ok good.  I'm given my keys and I go to my room. Disappointed is an understatement.  Look I realize this might not be a 5 star resort but I at least want a clean hotel room. Upon entering the room with the many stains on the floor and the general lack of vacuuming I find hair on the vanity, in the bathroom sink and counter and clearly the base of the toilet hadn't been cleaned and there was hair on that as well. Then don't even get me started on the bathtub and then the bathroom floor which has clearly not been cleaned. I'm tired so I think I'm going to bed. I get into bed and there is again more unknown hair. Lets just say I'm grossed out. After 3-4 hours of tossing and turning and just feeling itchy all over we get up and go downstairs to the help desk.  We ask for the bedding to be changed and the room cleaned. We were told no problem we will handle it. We left and came back only to find nothing had been done. So we call the front desk again and they say we can't go in the room when no one is there which is lame because they do that when they clean your room. So mind you this is now 405am. They say give us 15 minutes and we will fix it. 25 minutes later go by and we call again. They seem surprised no one has come up and say we will send someone right away. They come up to replace our bedding and give us the sheets. So at almost 5 in the morning we get to make our own bed. Wow. Apparently I work for them now. Long story short. We changed rooms the next day to a little bit better room but still with flaws and they waive our resort fee.  They tried to make it right but overall a bad experience and one for the books.
1365	0	I'm a buffet nut and have been to enough buffets to know when an establishment is a ripoff. I wish somebody wrote about this. Maybe people have different standards or they don't know any better and actually consider this buffet good. This place is terrible, especially for $87 -- 2 adults, 1 child, Monday night, an hour wait. Poor selection. Food doesn't taste good at all. Lots of plates empty and not being refilled. Do not eat here!!
1657	1	Brunch at Bouchon was an excellent experience, definitely worth the trek up to the Venetian and the hunt for the restaurant once inside the hotel.   Though it's a bit frustrating to not be able to reserve a table for brunch, our party of six was quoted a 45-50 minute wait and we were seated within 20 minutes in the back room. Our server was very friendly and relaxed, giving us suggestions on cocktails and the specials before we placed our drink and beignet orders to start. The beignets were light and puffy, and absolutely stuffed with raspberry jam. I wish I had ordered some other pastries as well, but I made do with the excellent baguette and delicious blackberry preserves delivered to our table in the interim.   Our server recommended I order the corned beef hash with poached eggs over the gravlax with more baguette. I did enjoy my dish, but after my love affair with the complimentary baguette, I couldn't help wish I had gone the other way. Tastes of the Croque Madame were also very good with the bread holding up quite nicely to the Mornay. The side of fries were also excellent, remaining crispy even as they cooled.   My only minor complaint about our experience is that one of our dishes was delivered to the table about 5 minutes after the rest of ours arrived with no explanation or "be right out" reassurance. For a Thomas Keller establishment, this was certainly a surprise, as I expected such hiccups to be non-existent, but at least it wasn't my dish that was delayed. Nevertheless, I'd certainly come back to eat my weight in pastry.
16	1	Visiting Las Vegas for the weekend and saw that this place had some pretty great reviews. People weren't kidding, it's FANTASTIC. Our server was Liza and she was SO attentive, kind, and helpful. True definition of a great waitress. Everyone's plate was clean at the end of breakfast. I was very impressed with this place and will definitely seek it out again when I'm back in Vegas.
527	0	This place sounded awesome: half mexican food half chinese.   They also have a noodle show where you see  some guy pull a piece of dough into noodles.   According to everything, hand pulled noodles are supposed to have excellent texture compared to machine made noodles and should be awesome. So i was super excited about the idea that maybe i won't have to fly to china to enjoy hand pulled noodle anymore.   Well I should've taken it as a bad sign when I asked the waitress for the dish with the hand pulled noodles and she looked at me like it was the first time she's heard of it.  She tells me the Unruly Monk dish should be the one that has it.   Next I also ordered a beef tongue taco.  As I waited for the food I watched the chef pull the noodles and then another bad sign. I realized he never once successfully finish pulling the noodles. Half way he would quit cause he messed up. For my entire meal he "finished" making noodles twice but he never brought them to the kitchen. They just sat there. Which made me wonder if the noodle show was just a show.  When the food arrived I was very sad. For 16 dollars you get the saddest amount of super soggy noodles. The texture would be described as noodles left in broth overnight.   The tacos were okay but you can totally have better ones in  downtown LA and at a wayyy better price. 9$ for two mini tacos?! that taste average?!   SAD SAD SAD whether or not the noodles were pulled in restaurant or not it was an all around disappointing meal.
1786	1	I'll have to admit that I'm a Thomas Keller fangirl. French Laundry and Per Se were my first two bookmarks on Yelp (#dinnergoals), and I've dined at this particular Bouchon location twice. One of the greatest French cuisine chefs in the world is actually an American who added his own American, playful flair to classic haute cuisine. Reservations are recommended.  I've yet to go for brunch but their dinner is excellent. The ambiance is fun, but intimate. They start off your meal with braided baguettes and butter. My husband and I split the salad lyonnaise and escorgot as our appetizers which were both light and flavorful. I ordered the steak frites because I was feeling basic but the matre d'htel butter on top was heavenly and the steak melted in my mouth (#noragrets). We opted to grab dessert elsewhere but I highly recommend the creme brle here! Service was friendly and attentive.  I look forward to coming back again the next time I'm in Vegas!
679	1	AMAZING.  Period.  The food was excellent, the service EXCEPTIONAL.  Never have we been treated so well, and given such attention.  The wait staff was amazing, and went above and beyond.  My wife and I joked that they must have mistaken us for someone else.  Our waiter, Ted, was the best we could have asked for, and my wife even hugged him as we left!lol   I was so happy, I even felt compelled to add to the already large tip.  Seeing Gordon Ramsey there himSELF ( Yes, it happened! ), was an added bonus (though we overstayed our welcome playing paparazzi ) !!!   It was an experience we will never forget.
720	0	My friend booked this room trying to save money!  We stayed at the Riviera after checking out of The Platinum Hotel on Sunday.  No need to spend another 169 dollars.  !    *However....A WORD TO THE WISE....IF YOU GET DRUNK ON SATURDAY, MAKE SURE YOU DONT HAVE TO CHECK OUT ON SUNDAY!  IT IS THE BIGGEST HASSLE AND GETTING UP EARLY TO CHECK INTO ANOTHER HOTEL IS THE WORST! *  Moving on...  THE HOTEL:  They have kiosks to check into this place like the airports.  The front desk staff are rude but you get what you pay for.  The rooms at the Riviera are better than I expected.  The beds are comfortable.  THE BATHROOM HAS BARLEY ENOUGH ROOM TO SIT ON THE TOILET WITH THE DOOR OPEN!  If you are trying to do Vegas on a dime...stay here!  But, cab fare will be a beast!      THE CASINO:  This casino IS OLD SCHOOL!!!!  It hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS OLD AND DUSTY.  NOTHING TO SEE HERE...the best thing about this place is the next door and it is a short walk from The Wynn and Encore.    This dude was borderline stalking and harrassing me and I almost had to report him.  He followed me downstairs and it scared me.  Luckily he stopped.  Overall:  If your funds are limitied....stay here.  Otherwise, stay somewhere else and save peace of mind.
1969	1	Don't let the look from outside fool you. It looks much better inside. Apart from the tiny entrance, this place is actually huge and clean. Food quality is  great, however it come in small quantities compare to other Thai restaurants. Thai Ice Tea and Ice Coffee also great, too.
254	1	About my fifth or sixth visit here, has never disappointed. This time I sprung for the Kobe burger, with spinach, Bleu cheese, peppered bacon, and a red wine and sauce. Burger was cooked perfectly and tasted succulent, juicy, and buttery. Loved it!  Also had the  fat fries with dipping sauces. They were very good as well. Can't wait to return when in Vegas next.
1701	0	This restaurant confuses me. Perfect example of bad fusion. It's not even really fusion since it's just 2 concepts in the same restaurant (you can get a taco and noodles).   I had the open sesame which was ok. Not bad, not good but definitely not worth the $14. Friend has the pork sandwich ($10) that was TINY. And he got his meal 5 minutes before us and has already finished it before we got our noodles. Bad timing.   The customer service was good, everyone was nice but overall was a weird experience. Just not worth the money.
1612	0	I already don't like buffets so when I came here after having to wait in line for 40 mins I was seriously disappointed. Most of the food was just standard fare with some of the Middle Eastern stuff being interesting. Unlike the Bellagio where I ate until I felt like my stomach would pop I ate very sparingly here.  The only memorable thing that happened here was my friend telling me that he wanted me to go with him to the 24 hr marriage chapel to be the witness (and take pics) so he could get hitched with his girl that nite..  while I was trying to get some lamb chops..  it seemed kinda surreal at the moment.
631	1	I heart this place!  True the wait was atrocious, but not when you just have two in your party. We waited about 20-30 minutes which gave me just enough time to surf through the yelp reviews to figure out what to order.  To start we ordered - Coffee, which was not THE BEST coffee we ever had, but strange enough we both had 3 cups nonetheless.   - Bouchon Pastry Basket, we had our server pick for us, although I was mildly disappointed he didn't give us the almond pastry I was hoping for...his selections were superb nonetheless...plus he gave us beignat, which I totally forgot about and good thing he remembered, because they only make it for weekend brunch.  So our pastry basket consisted of Pain au Chocolat, Lemon Currant Scone, Cheese Danish & Beignat.  The only pastry I thought was subpar was the Lemon Currant Scone, but the fresh jam they provided made that scone great!   For our entree we ordered .. - Croque Madame, which was toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites. This was an excellent dish, such a simple concept, but sOOo good!   - Chicken & Waffle - the most tender Rotisserie chicken paired with bacon & chive waffle... definitely not Roscoe's. Tasty tasty!  Would we return?  OH...HECK YEAH...
1263	0	For 35 $ per person you would think that it comes with great service for a buffet which it did not, I just don't understand why people starve to serve good food but employ those who put their hard working reputation on the line. And In this case is the manager once again who left my family waiting in front after a long standing in line. How hard is it to put 2 tables together ? But it is easier for him to seat 20 other people down. Once again People tend to ignore seniors and kids. Anyway I will not visit this place again.
1389	1	Absolutely awesome!!! Never tried Korean BBQ like this before. First you order from a bunch of delicious choices of apps, sides, and meats. Then they bring all of it to your table. Then you get to cook your meat of choice at your table in front of you!  Its basically like chocolate for men. Try it. You wont be disappointed. Great food and great service.  Try the kobe and the garlic steak stuff!
697	1	Got there around 6pm on Thursday.  Line wasn't very long.  Hostess was wonderful.  As you got in line she came by to give you an idea of how long the wait was.  Our waitress, Mia, was absolutely wonderful.  You could tell that she loved her job.  I had the super antioxidant cocktail....yum.  The American burger was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  My husband had the Farm burger which was also cooked perfectly.  We shared the plain fries which were good with the chipotle ketchup.  I'm not a fan of curry so I didn't really like the curry ketchup but that is just personal taste.  Definitely worth the $$.
1060	1	Went here for the first time and it was great!  Dining experience - 5/5 I mean it's KBBQ/Yakiniku style so you cook everything yourself which is always fun and awesome because you can control how you want your beef/steak done   Taste- 5/5 they have a variety of meats/seafood/vegetables you could throw on the grill including Kobe style beef which just melts in your mouth  Cost-4/5 not bad the only pricey item was the Kobe style beef which is ok, could be a little cheaper (comes with 5-6 slices=$21.95) they also catch you on the little things you'd expect to be included with your meal (sauces, rice, etc. they do come with complimentary small side dishes like kimchi, mac salad, etc.)   All in all it was great! Also if you were to write a Yelp review you get a free desert!
1775	0	I adore Lee's Sandwiches for their convenience but it's not consistent between different locations.   This location is great because it's relatively close to the strip and it is open 24 hours.  However, the sandwiches, drinks and pastries are much better at the Lee's in California. Overall, Lee's Sandwiches is just overpriced Banh Mi's.   reminder: there's a 25 cents additional charge per item after hours
621	0	I don't understand why there is always a long wait when you visit the outside food window. You literally wait a good 30-45 mins to order and 10-15 more for your food. This past sunday (Easter) it was 40-50 min wait for food alone. I hate to think how long you wait for food inside the restaurant?! I only come here for the frozen hot chocolate which is delicious. But the price is definitely not. You pay over 10 bucks for something the size of a tall drink at Starbucks. Lame-o's!
1681	1	I had a Birthday Cake Milkshake at Sugar Factory years ago and it was amazing.  Ever since they have not been great (supposedly they cannot get cupcake syrup or something anymore so they use vanilla), and I had felt deprived.    Once I found Holsteins, that was no longer an issue. Do yourself a favor next time in Las Vegas and go to this place and get the Birthday Cake Milkshake (has Vodka).  The price was similar to Sugar Factory (and this one has Vodka) and it was better.  We have had food there that was great too, most notably the fried pickles.    Ever since going to Holsteins the first time, I have gone back on every trip to vegas (for the shake).  I imagine I will continue this ritual forever.
1580	0	I love this restaurant and especially their wonderful to-go counter.  The hostess always greet and are very polite as well as the counter staff. On several occasions the manager working named Margaret or Marjorie (not sure but she works morning and afternoon) has been extremely rude and unfriendly. She doesn't smile or make eye contact with anyone and looks miserable. It's very sad to see someone dislike their job as much as she does and I'm sure her employees pick up on it. Hire someone friendly they are supposed to turn around bad experiences not create them.
615	1	I've been here since Monday and today is Wednesday FINNALLY some real good food! Chicken fried steak cooked to perfection gravy was on point and the potatoes works were seasoned and cooked just right! My husband got the egg sausage bacon and toast SOO GOOD!! Oh and the banana nut muffin!! YUM!!!   I definitely recommend this place for the perfect breakfast!
867	1	Steak is vibrant fine-dining.  If you're looking for a stuffy, hoity-toity dining experience, go somewhere else.  It's a nice meal, so plan 2-3 hours to enjoy it.  if you want to grab a bite, they have a bar area that serves a few of the appetizers, a big version of the american kobe sliders, and fish and chips.  The overwhelming feeling you get from dining there is that there is a team (dare I say army) of staff looking after your dining experience.  Each table gets a waiter, a backup waiter, a sommelier, and a countless number of staff that fill in the gaps (filling water, etc).  Ladies would be escorted to the restroom if anyone saw them stand up and while they were gone, someone (the sommelier a lot of times) would stop to fold up her napkin and chat until she returned (pulling the chair out for her).  Just Bravo to everyone there... I've never felt more cared for in a service establishment.  Oh, and when the food arrives, each diner's plate is served by a single waiter and served in unison (the visual effect is amazing).  Before getting to the food, I have to tip my hat to the kitchen.  For all of the great front-of-house staff, they really went above and beyond.  Having a fascination with scotch eggs at the time, I wanted to try one of the scotch quail eggs that comes on the caesar salad and was willing to pay for the salad just to get the egg.  Nope, compliments of the chef for the entire table.  Every item on that menu was prepared beyond reproach and special requests handled perfectly.  Get a soup, starter, dinner, and dessert (and I'd recommend that order too).  The British ale onion soup is the best if going for meat as your main (just sets everything up nicely), and the asparagus soup is perfect if going for seafood (very seafood-y taste... in a GREAT way).  My favorite appetizer was the foi gras, followed by the pork belly (the pork rinds served as garnish were silly good too).  The american kobe rib cap is the richest cut of steak I've had.  The key thing is that they really don't do anything to the steak... that's left up to you.  I guess the idea is to let the cut speak for itself (which it does) and you can use the peppercorn on the plate to change up the flavor a bit or get a sauce on the side (not a bad idea to have for about half-way through the steak).  Sides... mac & chese, always.  You only need 1 order for 4 people because it's SO RICH!  All others were great, this one just stood out the most.  Dessert, find one you don't like, I dare you.  The chocolate layers is a dark-chocolate dream, the sticky toffee pudding is insane, but I'd go so far as to say that the best dessert on the menu (the one that sticks with me the most) was the peach trio.  It's just a refreshing end to whatever meal your having.  Oh, final note... get still water rather than tap.  Yes, it's silly to pay for water, but the flavors are so strong that tap water tastes REALLY bitter between courses.
1684	0	I've lost my wonder for Serendipity. The first time I came here I was so excited and maybe that made the experience better, but to be honest this last time, it was MEH. I don't think Ill return again- it's one of those places where your like "okay been there done that, no need to try again". The portion are large but not that flavorful, kind of boring and expensive. Our table ordered breakfast and two frozen hot chocolates. The cookies and cream frozen hot chocolate is still the best, I strayed and ordered the Amaretto one, which was okay, but I felt like there was only a tiny bit of almond flavoring- so after the first few sips the flavor was gone. For breakfast we ordered the breakfast quesadilla and the breakfast sandwich- for the price I would rather of made these at home.   So I guess my point is go once, just to say you tried it, skip on the food and just get the frozen hot chocolate.
669	0	Ambience was nice, food and service not so much.   I ordered the "live well" omelet. The egg whites were fluffy but the lobster was nearly non existent. Every time I thought I saw a piece, it turned out to be a tomato. Asparagus was plentiful.   The "fruit" it comes with is cantaloupe only, even tho their description of mixed fruit includes berries and seasonal fruit. Cantaloupe is literally the only fruit I don't like (I'm not a picky eater). When asked if I can get a different fruit the answer was honeydew or cantaloupe ONLY. Then it should say it's served with melon, not fruit. The waiter was also not accommodating when my husband asked for onions on his hash browns, saying they already come with onions. We didn't see any.   On the upside we had a beautiful view of the gardens and the coffee was good. A better server could've changed our experience.
1647	0	I've eaten here a handful of times since they opened. Overall the food isn't super special and honestly sometimes they come out lacking flavor or a tad overcooked.   I'm a local and usually when I'm eating here I tell everyone the food isn't great but the desserts are good. The frozen hot chocolate is a must every time I eat here. This place is one of those places you have to enjoy at least once so I always suggest to my customers and visiting family to come here for dessert at least.   This place gets REALLY busy due to the name and location. I suggest to call for reservations or otherwise eat at the bar ( which isn't bad at all). Service in my experience is ok . I have no complaints for their service efficiency.
245	0	We stayed here for the NYE 2013/ 2014. When we walked into the room we found stains on the comforter and a dirty bathroom.  The day before we left no one came to clean our room.  When we came back we had to call twice and wait until close to midnight before someone came by.  The front desk was very unhelpful with the situation amd wanted to blame us for the mishap.  We will not be booking with the MGM again.
1312	1	Love this place!! Every time I come to Vegas I make sure to make a stop here and enjoy the banana nut muffin that tastes like heaven! The staff is always friendly and they place a newspaper style menu for you to look at. If you say it's your first time, most waitresses will bring you complimentary banana muffins for your table. But don't worry if they don't because most breakfast plates either come with toast or muffin..... Please go for the banana nut muffin!!! It's that good! For food I recommend the works skillet or any of their omelettes. They also have Hawaiian style food, which I haven't had the chance to try. The wait can go fast although it might take longer for larger groups. Parking can be a hassle during weekends. This restaurant will beat any overprice buffets on the strip, it's well worth it to go out of the strip for the food. And if you enjoy the muffin as much as I did, they sell banana nut loafs!
1421	0	Skip CITIZENS. It's a Sat morning in Las Vegas. Citizens in Mandalay Bay has nothing available!! No cappuccino no macchiato no caffe latte no cafe au lait and no cafe mocha and no breakfast burritos nor bacon egg and cheese sandwich. Only half of juices available. But you can get a regular coffee fruit croissant. Even the girls at the counter acted snooty and could care less, but they sure expected a tip. Pathetic!  First gal never poured our regular coffee even though there was only one couple on line behind us. 2nd gal ROXANNE claimed that my MLife card had no points. I explained I wanted bill for MLife discount and gave her my credit card or offered room number and she refused saying my MLife card was incorrect.  Later, I had to spend time with MLife from my hotel room phone to fix the problem. Well there was no problem! Only problem was ROXANNE at CITZiZENS!  Thankfully Ashley at MLife applied the discount over the phone so I wouldn't have to stand in line. Thank you Ashley at MLife.  SKIP CITIZENS!
1059	1	Don't judge a book by its cover. This place is amazing. The hostess took our name and told us it would be an hour wait. We sat at the bar, ordered drinks and appetizers and poured over the menu. Before we knew it 40 minutes had passed and we were being seated. The food and service were both impeccable. I loved the impressive feel of the restaurant, like a hidden gem
1895	0	Embarrassing service.   When you have food runners and bus-persons handling your tables... There is no excuse for you to be hard to reach.   We came in last night, party of 11. Our server took forever to take a drink order. Our food order. Forgot about certain questions we needed answers to. And just down right looked like she didn't give a crap about her job. No personality... Not even a smile from this girl.   She came over only once to see if our food was ok. And not to the entire table either... She came up behind one end of the table and asked with a low voice if we needed anything. Any other time.. We had to stop her from avoiding us to call her over.   Didn't seem like she was busy either. I watched her the entire time. No rush. No pep. The only table she bothered to table touch was the party of 2 in front of us!  The basic job requirement: drink refills, wasn't even done! I purposely waited to see if she would come by and offer me another iced tea. (Because I had a water to get me by) Not once. That cup had bare ice all throughout my meal.   To management: We stiffed Kimberly on a $340 tab... because she didn't deserve the tip that was suggested. She's lucky she got anything at all. I'll tell you who did earn it though, and did get it. Manuela. The bus woman who made sure we had extra small plates. Brought us limes/lemons. Refilled our drinks. Asked how we were doing on more than one occasion. You know. Things our SERVER should have been doing. Things that an ex-server like myself will notice and be annoyed. Annoyed that employees nowadays show no pride in their work.   To everyone else: there are way better restaurants in this town to go to. With better food.
1530	1	5 stars is not enough!!!  Top tier level of service in a very comfortable atmosphere. The food was INCREDIBLE! The service was impeccable without being pretentious. As it should be, the teamwork that was involved throughout the night, is completely on point. The thoughtful features of not just pointing something out but, accompanying me, and covering the water as it's poured. The amazing manager (Tracy Gladson)  and wait team that took care of us made us feel like we weren't strangers.   You must order the Rib Cap, it is cooked perfectly. I don't have words to describe it other than melt in your mouth, perfect. I hope that all of Gorson Ramsays restaurants are this amazing, I will be eventually going to them all. He set the bar high and his team at Gordon Ramsay Steak leaped over.
1320	0	The Bellagio cafe is the 24hr"ish" option in the Bellagio.  I think they no longer are open 24/7.    The good: - the restaurant itself is large and open and has tables along side the pool area from what i could see.  So views are decent and you are right next to the conservatory so their location is great. -Our server who had been there since it opened was knowledgeable.  The opportunities:  -Price point was VERY high -Was really no WOW factors or signatures items that were memorable.   - Cleanliness of restaurant did seem up to par and were dated.  Looks like the place needs a facelift and the more attention to cleanliness. - No kids menu or things to keep kids busy.  - other wait staff encountered seemed unhappy and just going through the motions.  its obvious that these employees have been there a long time and it shows. - no supervisors present ensuring guests are happy  - food was bland  This place has a lot of potential but misses the mark compared to other causal concepts in town.
1965	1	The food is great along with the customer service.  When you go there you have to try their banana nut muffins they are the best. It is not overpriced and you will get a lot of food for your money.  Friends come to visit and I have recommended this place to others and they too enjoyed it.
1155	0	This casino buffet could do way better for the price they charge their customers. The quality of the food is mediocre. Crab legs were avaliable but only chilled ones. No hot steamy ones. Overall the food just reminds me of eating at a malls for court.
1045	0	This is the first, and hopefully the last, 1 star review I posted on here.  First off, there is a sign right in front of the Buffet that says some prices in very large writing, so when you walk by the sign you think that is the 'real' prices (i think it says 17.99 during the week and 21.99 for the weekend).  But you have to look at the small print and see that it is on for 'to go' orders.  That threw us off right off the bat.  The real price is $31.00.  So they suckered us in with that sign and i wasn't happy about that.    Second, the food was blahhh.  Pretty much what you can get at a $9.99 buffet anywhere.  Some of the better things they had were all gone and when i asked how long it would take to cook them and for them to be available they told me 5 minutes.  15 minutes later they still weren't ready.  Plenty of other buffets to try in Vegas, dont waste your time on this one.
1198	0	Long wait. Over priced for the quality.  Only think good about the Saturday brunch was the guacamole and sour cream with the omelet. That was actually good. But not worth 27 bucks...  haven't been to a brunch buffet in awhile now I know why.... lmao won't be coming back...
1158	1	So much has been said already, so I will be brief.  This is a great restaurant in a casino, yet so far from the casino, you really feel like you're getting away. By every measure, I had a better meal here than I had at Bouchon in Yountville, much to my surprise. Two of us shared what seemed like ten different things, and just about everything worked.  I can't imagine ever returning without having something from the raw bar.  The service was impeccably good.
1491	1	Bouchon has become one my favorite places not only in Vegas, but anywhere. The first time I went I thought the cheese course and the wine were excellent but that my dinner was not as exceptional. I will say that on my next visit everything was amazing. On both occasions I also thought the bill was pretty reasonable. That is not to say it's cheap, but I think it's reasonable and I have been charged a lot more for meals that were not nearly as nice.  I recommend the outdoor seating for those who are looking for a relaxing or romantic experience.
553	0	It's was a very bad experience at this restaurant. Celebrating our sons 21st bday.  The customer service was the worst Ive ever experienced. As we entered and got seated it seemed to be ok and funny!  We understood the concept of this restaurant 100%.  We read the is and isn't board before entering.  There might have been poor judgement on the waitress behalf and we were treated very poorly. She turned us over to another waitress and one person from our party was singled out and no service for that person.  The waitress out load called someone from our party rude and uncalled for names. If they didn't want to serve us as a whole party for whatever reason we should have been asked to leave and given a reason for such actions. There was absolutely no reason to have been treated as we did. We didn't even get a manager to come over.  This waitress served many tables around us and introduced herself and explained the concept. It was not done to us.  It was very uncomfortable and was too late to leave. Will not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1004	1	So Hash House A Go Go...  Most people have heard of this place because of Man vs. Food, but I've been a fan of this place for a long time.  Its one of the few places I can say that almost every meal I've had here is a hit.  The prices are decent when you discover that the portions are HUGE.  Beware, you might not finish a meal here.  I've been here countless times, and I've yet to manage to avoid having to take out.  My 2 favorites would have to be either the Chicken Pot Pie or the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  Both of which are ridiculously awesome, and both are one hell of a twist on a classic dish.  The Chicken Pot Pie is essentially a deep fried sombrero on some mash potatoes with the "filling" poured on top.... Its just magical.    The wait usually is pretty long if you go during the peak hours, ie brunch, lunch, dinner, but its totally worth it.  One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, if not my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  A must go.
684	0	The food took forever to arrive.  The steak/lobster tail combo was OK. I liked the steak more than than the lobster tail.  The chinese chicken salad is tasty, but the wontons get soggy fast.  The tuna salad is good, but perhaps not really worth it.  Overall, nothing is amazing. I don't really like the atmosphere, because it reminds me of a cleaner Denny's or comparable diner. The food is not really worth it and there are just better options on The Strip. You must get the 50% off meal ticket in order for this place to not be severely overpriced.
713	1	Had an excellent breakfast here on May 6, but definitely could not finish it! The grilled mash potatoes were outrageous and the corned beef hash had huge pieces of corn beef in it.  I really liked the industrial feel to the decor, very cute.  Service was excellent too.  We had  a bit of a wait, but only about 20 minutes and it was worth it! Excellent quality and taste!
880	0	I did love the room. However I'm on a NON Smoking floor but have complained daily due to chain smoking and weed. They will do nothing About it. They said I have to know who it is. Are you kidding me. Come up here and see for yourself! I have a headache from all the smoke!
456	0	I have been to brazilian steakhouses before and as their salad bar didnt have too many options. I wasn't disappointed. The men who bring around the meat were polite and did a great job! Me and my boyfriend received a free dinner voucher with them and ended up, upgrading to experience the flipper card dinner. At the end, the waiter brought us our check (we waited longer it felt for the check then it did for us to eat our meal) he explained with the voucher how mich our meal wouldve been and how much it was (free +  our upgrade) and how much we should tip based off howuch the check would have been. Ok great. We had our xash together as we had waited awhile to pay. Instead of letting him walk away, my boyfriend put the cash into the check thing and the waiter opened it up, counted our money and explained we did not tip enough based off his calculations. Excuse me, but we did leave a decent tip and no maybe wasnt based off a 100 check but, we didnt come there expecting to pay or tip on that. We were completely embarrassed as the waiter got loud in counting our money amd telling us it wasnt enough.. the tables next to us could hear and were staring. Forst of all, we were there for 20/30 minutes. Our waiter brought us water and we had a go with the meat one time. I didnt feel good leaving there and in all honesty if we couldve stiffed his ass, we wouldve. That is NOT how you treat a customer no matter how much their bill was. Shame on you guys! If you dont like the vouchers than i suggest you opt out of being apart of it. And his snooty ass can finally make better tips! How dare he!!! My boyfriend ended up tipping beyond even the pro rated calculations against my idea of leaving him even less for the sheer embarrassment he brought to us during dinner on our vacation. So i hope you spent it well!!
1795	1	One of the best burgers EVER!  We had an amazing dinner here while staying on the strip. The food was awesome, our waitress Ashley was the best! Started with the jalapeo poppers - yessss! Burgers were perfect in every way, and do not miss the Parmesan truffle fries. Will definitely go back!
1197	0	This was my 4th time staying at this hotel for a convention next door and I will never go back!  The last 3 years I have been downgraded from the Grand Room to a crappy room and all they offer me is a smoking room when I have complained.  I don't know why they take reservations they are unable to fulfill. This year the lady at the front desk double talked me and said we have been upgraded from the Grand room to a resort club room for an extra $10 per night.  When we got up to the room, it turned out to be another crappy room.  I immediately called down to the front desk to complain but was told they sold out of Grand rooms.  They considered me upgraded because my room was supposed to have robes, slippers & a free bottle of water, NONE of which was in our room.  I was told to call housekeeping about getting those items sent up.  We were also given gold keys to another room on another floor, which apparently had food and drinks but only open limited hours so we never did have a chance to see that.  So, thats what they considered an "upgrade" and tried to charge me more for.  I ended up calling the manager the next day and they took $30 off but to me it wasn't worth it at all.   The room was supposedly updated but it looked the same as it did the last 4 years, broken lighted mirror and not vacuumed.   Bottom line is I will never go back!
1620	0	The front desk girl took our name and said it would be 10 mins, she suggested we wait at the bar. 45 minutes later and 4 margaraitas later, we noticed so many more people were being seated. As I walked up to her to see what the deal was, she said she was just coming to get us. Yeah right. Anyway, our waitress was great. Food was typical American Mexican....tacos, burritos, etc. Nothing too fancy, and nothing worth noting here. We were in a hurry so we chose this place on a whim...we will plan better next time.
1725	0	Very smoky and stinky hotel. On a cold winter day and walking in. OMG. well they have the heat on high which means that when you walk in the smoky smell and stuffiness don't go well. Its a bit disgusting. I personally can't stand this. I say air circulation should be a concern.
1202	0	Horrible customer service one star because u can't leave 0! I am a local and I had heard they had a real gold drink so I told my friend let's go try it. Upon arrival there was a long line and I saw a hostess talking to a co-worker and she had a big stack of menus in her hand since she was so busy talking I went to grab a menu and she gave me a dirty look. I looked over the menu and had some questions but since her demeanor was so terse I did not really want to speak with her again. Then she proceed to come behind me and yell, "Can u move up?!" I said please and thank you as if to tell her to be nicer she ignored me. Then she went over and it seemed she was talking about me and my friend to her coworker. I told her im leaving and I asked her what her name was and I believe she said Miranda or something with an M with a huge attitude!! I left and then try to make reservations for gordon ramsey over the phone with the resturant line for cesaers and the woman was like uhh is that a bar and I said no its a bar and grill by the forum shops. maybe they should inform u better and she said snidely well it's still considered a bar i asked her to please me over and she had me on hold forever by the time I walked to Gordon Ramsey it wasn't busy and I got sat right away I had a better experience there. Cesaers needs to step up there customer service in the restaurants!! Especially at Serendipty!!!
690	1	I don't know how I've lived in Vegas for so long and haven't gone to Bouchon because I've been really missing out on great food and exceptional service. It was a bit hard to find and didn't realize that you could get to the elevators from the garage area instead of walking all around in circles.   My boyfriend and I got there on a Sunday a little after noon and it was very busy but we didn't mind the wait because we were able to explore the pool area and enjoy the beautiful cool weather. After reading some of the specials of the day I had already decided on getting the a Rock Shrimp Hash before we were even seated.   We received a text message that our table was ready and we were promptly seated. Very shortly our waiter Matt came over to get our drink orders. I wasn't sure which champagne cocktail I wanted and he suggested Strawberry Fields. I was extremely happy with this suggestion because I didn't want the typical Mimosa or Bellini and it was not overly sweet but the perfect amount of strawberry flavor.  We then placed out food orders, but unfortunately they had run out of the rock Shrimp Hash that Matt said was deeeelicious (our fault for getting there so late).  I decided to order the Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde, which are mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, and served with fries (or as they call it pommes frites). The boyfriend got the Chicken and Waffles which was another dish recommended by our server. Both dishes were amazing! I could not stop reaching over and stealing bites out of his Chicken and Waffles! Definitely a fan of Bouchon, not only because of the delicious food, but also the phenomenal service!
270	1	Had breakfast at Bouchon after finally finding the place in the terribly confusing Venetian (and we've been to the casino many times).  My wife had the waffles with strawberries and vanilla syrup.  I had the sourdough French toast with bread pudding.  This was the best breakfast we have ever had bar none!  What we cook at home as waffles and French toast seem like totally different foods!  Service was good though perhaps a bit stiff.  No real issue though.
1319	0	Terrible food! At a $21.99 price point I expected much more choices. There was lackluster breakfast options and even more lackluster lunch options. All the food had 0 seasoning. I will never return to this buffet, if there was an option to give 0 stars without a doubt. My group will need to go get food after eating this overly priced buffet .
767	0	Hate to give it one star, but it truly deserves it.  I am accustomed to coming to Vegas and eating pretty decently, even on the cheap.  I was so sad that this place disappointed me so much especially being in Planet Hollywood.  First thing first, someone in our party tore a muscle in his leg the night before and was in a wheelchair.  The hostess asked him if he was drunk.  We were all so offended, he just wanted to eat.  Feed the man.  We come to the table and we aren't too sure who our server is because no one really introduced themselves.  First, a girl comes with water and spills all three waters, some of it landing on me.  Ice and lemons are all over the carpeted floor and they leave it there!  A gentleman takes our orders and comes back because he didn't write down our order and had to clarify.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it was not a good idea.    Overall, bad experience and will not be back.
973	1	I did my research on this place and did the whole only order from the back side of the menu with all of the northern specialties. And holy moly. Those garlic prawns were AMAZING. I forever will need them in my life and have been ruined for all other crispy, garlicky, Heaven infused crustaceans. The crispy duck with curry was also a favorite, I could eat that daily. I'm so coming back here everytime I'm in vegas. I'm addicted.
844	0	I expect better from a Hilton. Nothing terrible, but a lot of little irritations. - if you don't want to valet, you are directed to a different entrance so that you get to schlep your luggage a few hundred yards to check-in. That is just tacky. (but it's Vegas baby!) - after we checked in, late, tired, a guy behind the desk caught us and started trying to pressure sell some sort of prepay three nights get a free night deal. Again, tacky (but it's Vegas baby!) - I'm 6'1" tall, the shower head sat at around 5'3". I really hate turning into a pretzel to wash my hair. - First night, we checked into a room, and the A/C was broken. To their credit they quickly moved us to a new room, but there the TV was broken. The property is a bit tired and needs some work. - To their credit, we forgot an item, we called while on the road, they went up to the room, found it, put it in their property room, and we claimed it when we returned. I ding them because I know they can do better. I have had excellent experiences in other Hiltons.
622	0	Granted that I was in Las Vegas, it was not surprising that I was hung over. My friends and I were staying at the PH Towers and the last thing I wanted to do, was to step out into the scorching 100 degree heat for some food.  We had a group of eight people, who each wanted something different and it was a huge headache, trying to figure out a place that would accommodate everyone's taste. Not to mention, I already had a huge headache from all of the previous night's alcohol consumption to begin with.   We finally agreed to give Planet Dailies a try, since they had such a vast variety on their menu. They had all sorts of dishes: soups, salads, Asian cuisine, pastas, sandwiches/burgers, breakfast, steaks, seafood, smoothies, and shakes.   I got the Hong Kong Wonton soup, which was okay. It came with leafy greens and several wontons. The broth was nice and clear, but it wasn't as good as wonton soup from an Asian restaurant of course. It was the perfect remedy for the time being. I also got the try the chicken fettuccini and the spaghetti with meatballs. The chicken fettuccini was too dry and the Alfredo sauce was way too thick. On the other hand, the spaghetti and meatballs was great. It was a humungous serving that my friend could not finish. Luckily, she was nice enough to share. The meatballs were tender and abundant. The sauce was the perfect consistency and I liked it.  The food actually deserves three stars, but I've given them an overall two stars, for their incredibly slow service. The food took a good thirty minutes to come out and when one of my friends asked for an extra spoon and Tabasco sauce, it took the waiter 15 minutes to bring out just the spoon--he had forgotten about the Tabasco sauce. There were only two other tables being occupied at the time, so the slow and forgetful service was really unacceptable.   Since they are open 24 hours, I would probably only come back during a drunken stupor, when I am feeling too good to even care about how long my food takes.
1196	1	This place is great. I wrote a blog post on my experience here. If you're truly interested, you can go read it...  but in a nutshell, this place is a must for breakfast, lunch or dinner! We gluttons hit up this place for dinner and breakfast! LOL!  http://mintyfoodfanpage.wordpress.com/2012/07/01/poppin-the-bouchon-cork-on-a-popular-bistro/  HIGHLY recommend:   Breakfast:  * Moules-frites (for breffas???? yessssss doooo it! you won't regret it!). * Beignets...or as my friend and i call them, Beign-YAYS!!!!  Dinner: * Bone marrow (dude...like, is best! is best.) * Escargot! * Potato Salad (really? yes really....)  Would I come back? Oh my my, oh hell yes... ;)
1159	1	Another night in Vegas, another wonderful steakhouse.  Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the newer upscale steakhouses in Vegas and is located conveniently in the center of the strip at the Paris hotel.  I have eaten at some of the other Gordon Ramsay eateries in Vegas and neither of them compare to this one.  In fact, very few steakhouses on the strip compare to this.  The decor, the service, and the food are all fantastic.  We first started with some drinks, bread (some of the best free bread around) and the seafood platter for 4.  This was one of the best tasting seafood platters I have had.  Everything was fresh and came with a variety of sauces which were amazing.  The crab and lobster was especially tasty.   After the starter, I ordered the salmon and the table also shared a porterhouse.  The salmon was very good, and actually a very good portion size.  Normally they make the salmon with a cauliflower puree that when you squeeze lemon over it, it turns purple, but I think they did a seasonal vegetable with it this time (which stayed one color).  The porterhouse was as good as it gets.  Nothing to fancy on the cook, just a very flavorful and moist steak.  Make sure to get a few extra bites off the bone, that's where you get some of the best meat bites.    The spinach at GR is also one of the best sides I've ever had.  Just a great blend of garlic and oil to make the spinach super tasty and not too drenched.    For desert I tried the peanut butter bar.  Very good, but nothing amazing.  Overall, one of my favorite meals in Vegas.
1105	0	The atmosphere is decent here. I came in with a group of 9 girls and after waiting an hour we were seated on a fairly empty patio.   The food here was just really not good. I had the fried eggs Benedict and eating it was a chore. If I weren't starving and already seated I would have walked over to McDonald's. Between the 9 of us, we passed around each plate trying to find an edible bite. It was a challenge. We also had an order of the French toast and it was a burnt loaf of bread... Save your money and blow it at some other Vegas joint.  And GOD FORBID you want a water. You'd have to lick out of the toilet or go to the fountains at Caesars.
876	1	On a bachelorette party trip to Vegas, I think we ate every meal at Bouchon!  Must haves include:  Sourdough waffles-  Umm, why don't we have these in San Francisco?  I don't even like waffles. The vanilla bean butter made these feel like dessert.  French toast- dessert for breakfast.  Croque Madame- Amazing grilled cheese (it better be at $19). So good it is on the brunch and dinner menu.  Kir Royal- The best adult beverage of your life, blackcurrant champagne fizz  Warning: The coffee may cause you to found a new religion or branch of philosophy.  No matter how hung over, you will not be hanging out by the pool after a cup of this Joe!  For dinner,  Salude de Poulpe- I have a soft (not rubbery) spot for octopus.   Followed by Truite aux Almandes- picture almonds, lots of almonds, over a bed of  green beans and butter.    No dessert this time.    To make the weekend last for the rest of the week, I brought home Macaroons in neon colors.  Each one was  essence of pistachio, coffee, strawberry, lemon, vanilla or chocolate that melts in your mouth.  Perfect with my morning coffee.    Can't wait to go back.
662	0	This was my third time staying at the LVH. With my company,I travel to numerous trade shows, many of which are held in Las Vegas. This hotel is very dated but always seemed to be the best option for location and proximity to the convention center. Well, this particular trip turned ugly when on the second morning of my stay I woke up, went to the restroom and when I returned to bed, there were bed bugs crawling on the pillow. I had never seen one before but a quick search on my phone confirmed their identity. I called house keeping right away and they sent up a security guard that collected the bugs in little baggies. They sent up a bell hop to carry my things to my new room in the old unrenovated tower (downgrade). The security guard said you need to wash those clothes as soon as possible in hot water. I happened to agree. I had one more night to stay at the LVH and I in NO WAY wanted to transport those nasty creatures back to my home in FL. When I got to my new room and I made a call to find out about laundry services. I was passed around to about 4 different people before someone was able to tell me if my clothes could be laundered. House keeping passed me to the Bell hop, bell hop passed me to housekeeping. To make a long story short. It was the epitome of unorganized. Aside from the security guard saying one time, "Sorry for the inconvenience". That was the only time I was apologized to. I realize accidents happen and those bugs are a problem that hotels sometimes run into but I was shocked at how management did barely the minimum. A simple call from the manager with an apology would have gone a long way. But instead no apology as well as no compensation for my troubles, not only was a charged the full amount of the room and resort fees....I was also charged for one of the keurig coffee kits (I don't even drink coffee). This hotel was a huge disappointment, I will not be staying here again. Even though it is the most convenient to the convention center, I don't think poor customer service like I experienced, should be rewarded. Unfortunately, because of the trade shows and proximity to the center, I think they get much more business than they deserve. They have given up on customer service because of guaranteed business they get from the trade shows.
1945	0	OK, i never write reviews this long, but it has to be done...  The ONLY reason I stayed at Hooters was because it is right across the street from the MGM where I was attending a hockey game last weekend. Trust me, pay the extra $$ to stay somewhere else!! Somewhere that doesn't have stains all over the carpet, a tub that drains or cigarette burns in the duvet cover!    The girl who checked us in was not very friendly, but the girl who checked us out was.. so it's hit or miss with the staff. Also, I thought Hooters girls were supposed to be hot?? Guess it's slim pickens in Vegas, all the hot girls are working at the Wynn I suppose.  Also, pieces of the laminate hardwood floors in the lobby and hallways are all broken up or cracked and I stubbed my toe really hard on a piece where the shitty floor meets the nasty ass casino carpet. OW! goddamn piece of shit Hooters!!  The elevators are rickety and scary sounding just as other people's reviews say, it's no lie.  The pool is tiny and the towels they give you are an absolute joke! They look like the towels they use to wipe down the bar with! and they are TINY! I'm an average size chick, I had to use 3 towels just to equal ONE normal size towel, also there are black stains all over them like some was just cleaning a car with them EEWW!!  I'm a vegetarian, so we ate one night at the restaurant "The Mad Onion" in the hotel.. grooooossss.  MAYBE the ONLY good thing would be the $1.50 beers at the bar.. but i always bring my own alcohol to Vegas so it didn't matter much to me.
722	0	Don't go unless you have a comp. No crab legs at lunch (so do dinner if you can). Everything was sweeter than usual (ex: plantains, shumai, seaweed salad, creme brulee). Jumbo shrimp and dessert were solid.  There are definitely better buffets in Vegas for the price.
370	1	Perfection in every way. No, seriously.  We were seated quickly by a friendly hostess and greeted instantly by our waitress who was incredibly kind and checked on us often. I never needed to ask for any refills. SPEAKING OF WHICH, they give you a large container of coffee to help yourself. Amazing for beating that hangover. So is the food. Oh.... The food...  It's great and the menu is HUGE. I enjoyed a veggie omelet while my buddy had French toast stuffed with eggs and cheese. Told you you'd be beating that hangover. The home fries are top notch as well.  I love the table system of alerting the wait staff when you need something. There's a smily face at your table that you simply turn to the frowny side. What a good idea.  Needless to say, I loved it here. I now have a new breakfast spot for my Vegas weekends.
572	1	I had the farm burger, great combination of creamy yolk and crispy duck great bacon over a medium well patty(my preference) and a side of truffle fries! The aioli is really delicious. They update their menu too. so the next time you check this restaurant, You may find a new burger on the menu
1759	1	All I can say about this place is HUGE portions that can be shared with a lot of people. Gotta try their famous Andy's sage waffle and chicken. That sucker is huge and inside the waffle, it has bits of bacon. Yes, I said bacon. Bacon lovers get the chicken and waffle!  Every time I go here I always get good service and nothing bad seems to happen. They have set hours for breakfast/lunch and dinner. They close for about 2 and a half hours to get their dinner situated.   Very good place to eat your heart out. Go there hungry.
385	0	This new parking policy suckks... Now you need to be a pearl member or above to have free parking access or else you need to pay $$ well i am a pearl member this member cards are always giving me issues and causing huge back up to exit out of the structure.. Not very happy!!!
1636	1	The best burgers in Las Vegas!   I lived in las vegas for three years before coming to burger bar and I wish I would have tried it much earlier. You are able to make your burger any way you want it, there are over 40 different toppings to choose from and you pick the meat, bun, and all the toppings you want.   I got the buffalo burger with caramelized onions cheese and bacon. It was amazing and cooked to perfection. A place that will actually cook a burger the way you want!   The sweet potato fries are great as well!   if you are on the strip or are just in the mood for a gourmet burger this is the place to go!
288	0	Went here last night for my cousins birthday dinner. The atmosphere was cool, the live music was good and the slide they have inside the restaurant was fun for the kiddos. The food however...not so good. It's pretty pricy and on the chicken dish my sister got there was nothing but fat, and I tried one of my grandmother's BBQ ribs and there was barely any meat at all on those either. Definitely not worth the $20 a plate... Probably the only sweet thing about the food was the cotton candy they bring you at the end. Even the biscuits they serve you at the beginning were cold and crumbly. Then at the end the server was even allowed to split up the check! We had to figure it out ourselves. All I can say is I was not impressed...
377	1	Cents here for breakfast due to a coupon we got for buy 1 get 1. My wife and daughter shared a waffle and egg meal. I had the chile relleno omelet.   We left feeling full and the meals kept us going all day long. We never needed or wanted lunch.  The food was very good. The potatoes were a little salty, but not overly so. The hot sauces they provide added just the right flavor to the omelet.   The waffle looked huge and was crisp despite being topped with strawberries and cream.   Very good value for the money. Well be back next time we're in town.
1758	1	On our recent visit to Las Vegas, we were looking for a substantial lunch that would hold us over through the afternoon, past a show, to a late night dinner.  Our friends had recommended Holsteins, and as fans of Burger Bar and other fancy shmancy burger joints, we were eager to try out the menu.  Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan, we arrived around 11:30 and were promptly seated at a nice corner table in the middle of the restaurant.  I started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary, which was made with jalepeno and cilantro infused vodka, served with a big old shrimp on top.  Spicy and delicious!  Our waiter (who was very good) brought us a bag of complimentary popcorn as we perused the menu  This place is really known for their burgers, as they well should be, but don't ignore the appetizers!  We wanted to try so many of them, but we settled on the "Sausage and Peppers" Potsickers and the Mexican Car Bombs (jalapenos stuffed with cheese, corn, and black beans, then wrapped in bacon).  The potstickers were unique and delicious, but the car bombs... O.M.G.  Sooooooo spicy, but so flavorful and delicious.  These things are no joke, they are very hot, so if you are a wimp when it comes to spice, these are not for you.  But we absolutely loved them.  For our main course, we decided to split a burger and another appetizer (I know I know, but we had to last 9 hours until our next meal!)  I had the Surf and Turf Quesadilla, which contained steak, lobster, Manchego Cheese, and bacon lardons, served with an aioli sauce.  Very yummy.  For our burger, we had such a hard time choosing, but we decided on the El Machete, described on the menu as "Beef Patty, Fire Roasted Anaheim Chili, Borracho Onions, Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion & Spicy 'Machete' Aioli".  The beef was medium rare as requested, and was perfectly juicy and delicious.  The burger overall wasn't as spicy as I was expecting, but maybe my taste buds were burned out from my spicy bloody mary and the jalepeno pepper appetizer.  Either way, it was good good beef.  We finished with a "grown up" milkshake... the Campfire S'mores, which I only had a few sips of because I was so full, but those couple tastes were very good.  They will also make it to go for you if you'd like.  Overall, we were thrilled with our lunch at Holsteins and it may be our new favorite burger place in Las Vegas.  Oh, and it definitely did the job of holding us over until dinner time.  We will definitely be back!
1917	1	I was ecstatic to try this place after seeing Anthony Bourdain dined here.  The hype is real. I love Thai food, but the options here are more unique and the menu is extensive!  The Drunken Noodles Topped with Duck and the Pepper Fried Prawns were amazingly delicious. Everything was piping hot, fresh, and super flavorful.. not just slabbed in sauce or deep fried in batter.  Overall, I would say this place is optimal for larger parties, ideally 4-6 people. We had 10+ people and it was great ordering dozens of dishes and sharing family style. But, I would imagine for a pair - it would be more challenging to try all the variety of dishes!  Inexpensive and absolutely worth it!
1360	0	I'd like to give it -2 stars. My husband and I were unfortunately awarded 2 free dinners for a Hilton time share tour and we chose this out of three options because we had never tried a Churrascaria. We have friends that have been to Fogo De Choa and although it was pricey, they raved about it. I've eaten with them many times and know their taste. This was not it! Almost all of the meats were overcooked and extremely bland. The salad bar was eh. The staff was completely unengaging. Though we had free tickets, we actually opted to pay an additional $20 a piece so as not to be limited to one meat. It was a complete disappointment. We followed this with another deeply disappointing show with Marc Savard. Just so you don't think we just complain a lot, we immensely enjoyed our meals at Oyster Bay Seafood and Wine Bar and Fix at the Bellagio! And..........Absinthe, is a must SEE!!
1043	0	I stayed in the Mediterranean Tower on a Thursday until Sunday at The Riveria. There wasn't a refrigerator in our room, the room didn't come stocked with all of the essentials for travel, the TV service in the room is lacking (HDTV with no HD and lousy low def lodgenet service), and we had two rooms we had booked to be next to each other, but they were not able to make this happen. However, the casino is very nice and the staff is very friendly, and there's a nice pool and a tattoo shop along with other shops. Just take note that the Mediterranean Tower is inexpensive, so expect to be a bit underwhelmed. The one thing that made my 3 star rating a 2 star was the unavailability of WiFi, which is crucial for someone like me. The WiFi was working great on our first night's visit, but then the WiFi network dropped off early the next day on my and my friend's devices, and I was unable to log on with my laptop computer. Certainly the hotel can provide better coverage, especially for someone who might have to remotely connect into work in the case of an urgent matter, and it would have also been nice to play music on too. Of course I was in an inexpensive part of the hotel, but I wouldn't stay at a hotel that didn't have reliable WiFi. I called the front desk to complain and they thanked me for reporting it, but unfortunately we were unable to get back on the WiFi network in my and my friend's room, and we were a good distance apart. I hate to say it, but I don't think I would stay at this hotel unless I was given a free night's stay in a better room with WiFi that will continue to work. Here's hoping they give me a chance to formulate a second opinion. ;-)
128	0	Other than the hella hyped up frozen hot chocolate, this place is mediocre at best. I ordered the chicken tenders appetizer with 3 dipping sauces. And I swear, the chicken tasted like paper. It only tasted okay when I dipped it in a sauce. I didn't even wanna eat it after I got a box for it and brought it with me back to my hotel.   The next day, I went back again before the end of my trip. I ordered the chili since I was starting to feel sick from the whole weekend. After eating half of the bowl, I couldn't finish it because it was so spicy. It was very good though, since it had filet mignon chunks in it. But the spice was just too overwhelming.   Next time, I'll just have the frozen hot chocolate and that's it. I'm done giving their food more chances, only to be let down on more than one occasion.
1303	0	Harold and Kumar traveled how far for these dumb burgers...  Totally not worth the hype. My ex stoner roommate was obsessed with White Castle and used to buy the frozen ones.. So when I tried these for the 1st time I couldn't believe how it tastes exactly the same (yuk)  People were buying them by the case when we walked in, total disappointment. People in the east coast got it all wrong these soggy sliders are crappy. Another reason the west coast rules.
1089	0	So after 10 years it ends with you people are no longer welcome in the restaurant?  Wow  what an insult, funny two weeks ago when we ate there three times in one week with no issues there was not a problem but last night when there was an issue with the food we are no longer welcome???  Why is there a manager at our table almost every time we eat there you ask?? Because they know us, we go there at least 5 - 10 times a month to eat and yes they come over to see how we are not because there was an issue.   I will definately miss the nice folks who work there but if I am not welcome anymore  there are plenty of other places to eat and gamble in Vegas who will benefit from the added business
1905	1	GOD, SECRET PIZZA ALWAYS HITS THE SPOT. From the very first time I stumbled upon this "secret" place to every time I've been to vegas after, this pizza spot ALWAYS delivers.   During my last vegas trip, I discovered the magic of CALLING AHEAD!!! Yes you can use any house phone and have the operator connect you to this pizza joint to order your delicious pie. All you have to do is called 35-45mins before you anticipate eating (say....call 35mins before you leave the dayclub or while you are winning big money @ the tables) and VOI-LA....you have FRESH pizza for your drunkchies.   As for which pie to order, cant go wrong with pepperoni but veterans know that the WHITE PIZZA at Secret Pizza is THE BEST!! Mozzarella, ricotta, garlic, drizzled with olive oil with NO sauce!! Thin, CRISPY and DELICIOUS!!!!!!
1460	1	Delicious food, the reviews are no lie! Came here for brunch while passing through Vegas on a cross-country road trip. Tried the:  1) Crazy Chicken Omelette: very good! The chicken was tender, there was a good ratio of guacamole and mushrooms, and the omelette was smothered in cheese and sour cream. Ranch potatoes on the side were fantastic, as expected. 2) Sausage gravy + sausage patty: a little on the salty side, but I thought it had a good balance of chunkiness and creaminess. I'm a bit of a sausage gravy aficionado (haha) though, so it may be that my standards are oddly high. 3) Banana Nut Muffin: needs it's own category, even if it's a side! Delicious delicious. Moist and warm, not too sweet.  I would come back! The service was great too. Even though we came right at brunch time and the place was packed, there was only a 5 min wait for two.
153	0	Unfortunately, this bar has false advertisement provided by desperate promoters outside the bar. First off they give you a bracelet and make you believe that the entrance is free, when it really wasn't.  Second,  the promoter told us that the bar closes at 4 am, we got there about 2 am and they ended kicking everybody out at 315. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!  I'll never go back.
770	1	Waited 25 minutes to get seated here on a weekday night and had a pleasant experience. Though the seating was a bit cramped for a party of six, the food and service made up for it.  I ordered a rising sun burger which supposedly has kobe beef which is misleading. In America, wagyu is the equivalent of kobe. Despite that, the burger itself was quite good and larger than other gourmet burgers.   Service was also commendable. Our server was generous and accommodating but may have to work on her jokes.
738	1	Words cannot describe what my mouth tastes  hahaha but seriously I would definitely recommend coming here anytime, if you are coming back or coming here for the first time. It was really good and different than other burger places like in and out. The bun is really soft and the quantity and size of the burger is perfect; enough to be full along with fries and a shake! I also bought the caramel shake and it tasted really good! It's not too sweet and not too dull so I really enjoyed it! I don't know if the Shake Shack here tastes like the Shake Shack from New York, but it's really good and I would come back! Like I said, I would highly recommend coming here for burgers, fries, shakes, and/or hot dogs! Great job!
1297	0	Just like so many first timers, I was extremely excited to try this place. I just wanted to go. So many great words were expressed about this place that I found myself craving to try this experience out. my GLUTEN FREE AND VEGAN folks, stay away if you're going for dessert. I was really hoping that I would be able to find at the very least two or three different options what I found was a scoop of sorbet was my only option. Even though I was kind of heart broken that I couldn't fully experience this cute little place, I went ahead and ordered my sorbet ... Well, my waitress forgot to bring it out. She brought out everyones food ( which I couldn't order anything) and then when she brought out dessert mine was missing. By the time she came back my friends were done with their meals and desserts that I had to tell her to forget about it. The place is really cute, the view of the strip is nice ( outside patio) but the service wasn't great and their aren't really options for us Gluten free and Vegan people. Want to go for the decor? I say go! cute little spot and it is an experience, but prepared to make your tummy grumble and growl if you are a Gluten and Dairy Free person.
1015	0	Okay I have been coming here on and off for five years.My kids remember the atmosphere and what was awesome food and great steaks. Wait a minute did I say great steaks.?  What the heck has happened.?The last two times I have been here since a few years ago have really changed things. I could not even cut my steak. Neither could my son who travelled all the way from Montana to revisit his memories of the roost.  And c'mon guys no cotton candy for the kiddies on the Fourth of July. Well I paid for the steak but won't be spending any money here for a long long time.
961	1	Hands down, the best burger I've ever eaten.  I had the HK burger and my wife had the Brittania, and both of them were flat-out phenomenal.  "It's cooked beautifully" (in my best GR voice.  The servers are very attentive, the pricing isn't bad ($15 for this burger wasn't out of line, IMHO), and everything about the restaurant smacks of attention to detail.    Try the sweet potato fries.  Absolutely delicious.    This place is worth the wait.  You could also wait until after midnight, usually there's no line by then.
1388	1	I love burgers. Period. Cheeseburgers in particular are my favorite food in the world. I don't know why, but they are. I ear them everywhere I go. Now, I absolutely had to try this place.  I will say it has not disappointed me any one of the six times I have been.    I have made my way through the food menu...still working on the drinks.  As far as I am concerned there is not a bad one in the bunch.  The pairings are really fun to order...and quite good as well if you want to keep things simple.  Every appetizer I have had has been delicious.   Homemade condiments.  Just blown away.    Order anything, you will love it.
701	0	This might be my first one star review. Awful, especially for the price.  Where do I begin? Slimy bagged lettuce, ridiculously runny poached eggs, mushy fruit, and KRAFT ranch dressing (all their dressings). All meat entrees were bad and dry. Nothing tasted good, seriously. For 24$ a person for lunch?! Ridiculous. Told server food was bad, he didn't seem to care. Not much he can do I guess. Go spend your hard earned money elsewhere for good quality food. I hear Cesar's Palace Buffet is good. Bellagio and Monte Carlo are decent. Shoot, even Golden Corral is better. Stay far away from Bayside Buffet.
1598	0	When I visited Las Vegas last week I stayed at the Harrah's Hotel and Casino and figured that I would try the buffet. Big mistake I ended up spending over 70 bucks for me in my husband and the food was mediocre not flavored the only thing that was good was the ice cream won't be coming back here when I come back to Vegas
1431	1	Yo! I'm literally mid meal and had to stop to review this before I forget! Service is excellent. Our server (Lucas) brought us free Pizza flavored popcorn, was very nice and accommodating and made great meal suggestions. The food is delicious! The Rising Sun burger is like eating sushi with Kobe beef and the Turtle Cheesecake Milkshake is the best milkshake I've ever had! (You can get it with or without booze in it) Definitely worth a visit.
605	0	This place is sub par. Long wait. Rude staff. They don't pay attention when you talk and don't remember what you say. They seem annoyed to be serving you. The food is average at best. Food is certainly over priced for the quality. I love the decor and the concept but this place is not worth anyone's time. Maybe if you have never been to Vegas you can come here once to check it off your list but I highly doubt you would be very enticed to come back. If you are looking for a great place to eat in Vegas, visit the Wicked Spoon. Now that place is definitely worth your time and money.
920	0	Nothing Serendipitous about this place. It was overpriced and the hostess had about as much charm as my sweaty feet from walking in Vegas in 100 degree weather. A bad attitude too. I should've saw the red flag but we needed to evade the "Hot Babes Direct to You" swaggers for a while.  We just had desserts (which were pretty standard) so I can't comment on the food but I won't be back to find out. Our waitress was nice but overall this place had a really crappy vibe. Thanks but no thanks.
928	0	went on a sunday night with a 50.00 groupon.unlike other places that look at you like you have not showered for a while they where fine with it.asked them if i needed a reservation and they said no so went and did sunday shopping in the miracle mile shops and played the machines for about an hour.rolled back up and was greeted and seated right away. asked and got the table i wanted right near the bar so i could watch a little football.server greeted me in a timely manner.didnt need him to explain the menu as i had been to churascarrias before.went to the salad bar and got some cheese and cheeses bread.the bananas and mashed potatoes where on the salad bar,which i had never seen done before as the back waiter brings them out to you at the other brazilian steakhouses,but seeing as how he didnt have a back waiter i suppose that would say it all.so to the food. i tried everything that they offerred twice,first go around i thought my taste buds were deceiving me as i could not taste any flavor.nope ,i was right,everything was completely tasteless, whereas as tex. de brazil, yolies seemed overly seasoned[although that seemed to be remedied on my last visit] teir rodizio seemed to not be sasoned at all.i you already have a groupon you might as well go as you can do a little shopping and gamblingwhile you are there,but there are better tasting rodizios, that have more buzz about them around town.i gave this only two stars because of the food and ambience,i would give the service 4 stars.
1835	1	Best damn pizza I've ever had!!! It's s legit secret as there is no sign advertising it and is tucked away down a small hallway. The pizza ks phenomenal, reminds me of home, greasy New York style slices. Been to Vegas twice now and have had it multiple times. Can't go wrong!
798	1	I loved this place. There was a 45 minute wait, but well worth it. I ate the pork stew off the northern menu. It was delicious. The place was busy, clean and the staff were very attentive. No surprise some of my favorite food network chefs had their pictures on the wall. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas
111	0	Not impressed. Evening dinner before a show on 1 Oct 16.  Very poor start with reservations running behind.  When we were seated 10 minutes behind our time there were plenty of seats available. Some tables had things others did not even the basics like salt and pepper.  I looked over the salad bar while waiting on the server and it was not worth the effort. We ordered the drinks and the meal immediately since we had the time to read the menu ahead and the drinks showed up 5 minutes behind the meal. (15 minutes). the meal was prepared well but the serving size to cost was poor (almost twice what I would pay elsewhere for a filet mignon). Our server was slow on checking on drink refills and even slower handling the check. They were using a tablet system to order (supposedly for the first night) and finalize the checks but watching him the receipt printers were a challenge.  The restaurant itself looked satisfactory as far as decor but the bathroom was undersized for a restaurant of that style where people are going to stay and eat a while for their money.  I am certain we could find a better place on the strip.
982	0	Very unhappy with this buffet. They claim the "Best buffet in America". WOW, I certainly hope not.  Seafood spectacular was anything but.  4 items do make a spectacular, two of which were fried shrimp.  Up side: for $12 the food was tolerable.  DOWN SIDE: place was filthy. Food everywhere on floor, ground into the carpet - we were there for just over an hour and NO ONE cleaned the carpet even once.  Were they busy? Thursday about 6 pm, Steady business. Is this acceptable? NO. Having been in the business for over 25 yrs.- including  a busy buffet, I find this completly unacceptable. On the food line, at least 1/2 the items were empty the several times I walked the line.  All the cooks did seem to be enjoying  themselves rather than tending  to the line. The server was overwhelmed  by 28-4 tops that she was attempting to attend to by herself.  Staff training seemed to be non-existent as the busboy, when he finally showed up, seemed to have had no training at all. So: food - **; Service: Jenny- ****; Cleanliness - 0*.  I, personally will go hungry before considering this as a place to eat.
1101	0	I was a big fan of Noodles when it first opened so I made it a point to come back this weekend and try it again.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the noodles I've tried since that first time or maybe I have learned enough in my dining adventures to determine what is good and what is bad.  In the end it was like a bad relationship. The problem wasn't that I changed the problem was just them.  The place was busy as most places were the weekend of the Pacquiao fight. We both ordered the beef brisket noodle soup and an order of shrimp dumplings. My friend who enjoyed most of the dumplings said they were ok but nothing to rave over. We both agreed the broth of the soup was too rich. Even with the addition of salt, pepper, and hot sauce we couldn't cut the richness of the soup.  I hoped that the noodles would save the dish but they were bland and flavorless. They seemed to be overcooked as it didn't compliment the broth at all.  The brisket came in really large pieces that were too tough for a soup so they had to be broken up by fork and knife.  The bok choy was probably the best compliment to the soup.  Service was like a stereo Chinese restaurant.  We couldn't understand our waitress and had a tough time flagging her down. We tried to get assistance from bus people but they refused always stating we had to go to the our waitress for everything. Look I don't mind keeping the place traditional but it's Vegas good service is expected as the prices we pay demand it. Especially if the food is overpriced.   In the end like the relationship I mentioned before it was like returning to an old girlfriend for me. You realize why you haven't gone back in a while. It was a nice attempt at re-kindling a memory of a great meal from my past but as time would have it people change and so do restaurants.
1125	1	I've had a lot of Korean BBQ and this place is my favorite. I like how you can cook the meat on your own. This means that no meat gets cold and hard cause you're chowing on something else. Also the smaller portions mean you can try different meats without committing to one type. Servers came by and checked on us often, great service.
342	0	The worst cafe food in Las Vegas. Seriously! $5 for a baked potato that has been sitting all day and barely reheated. The inside was light brown...possibly cooked the day before. The pork fried rice obviously had suggest in it. Steve's blood sugar skyrocketed to almost 300 after eating 1/4 of a bowl. I tasted it and told him to stop eating it immediately. I could taste the sugar. $40 later for rice and a potato.
1870	1	Because we saw Anthony Bourdain eat at Bouchon on "No Reservations" and rave about the food, we put Bouchon on our list of restaurants to visit. And we didn't eat there just once -- because brunch at Bouchon was so tasty on our first day in Vegas, we left Vegas on a high note and visited Bouchon again for brunch on our last day!   The restaurant has a cute, vintage bistro atmosphere with eye-catching tilework. The staff is great at seating guests near the windows by the courtyard during breakfast and brunch. And the homemade butter is so fantastic that you might just eat the butter by itself.   So during our two visits, we ate: -Croque Madame: it's like taking the most perfect eggs benedict you can imagine, replacing the types of bread, and then making the dish even more delectable and delicious.  -Brioche french toast: incredible! The toast pieces had no sogginess or heaviness; instead, the toast was perfectly crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside.  -Omelette with salad: tasty and fluffy omelette with a fantastic mixed greens salad. The vinaigrette was flavorful yet light and was great for breakfast/brunch. -Pastries: this place knows what it's doing with pastries! We ate a chocolate croissant and pecan sticky bun at the restaurant and also enjoyed a macaron from the Bouchon Bakery stand in the Venetian on the main floor. Don't go anywhere else and order a pastry; get your pastry at Bouchon!  Put Bouchon on your list for Vegas breakfast/brunch places. If it's morning and you're hungry, go to Bouchon, and you will not be disappointed.
357	1	We usually watch Anthony Bourdain shows for food ideas when we are traveling to exotic international destinations. We don't consider Vegas in that set but we were glad we saw the recent Season 3 show just before a quick weekend trip there.  When our hotel, the Las Vegas Renaissance, also recommended Lotus of Siam, we knew we had to make a visit.   We took a taxi about 2 miles from the hotel (which is near the convention center) to reach the strip mall -yes, it looks a little unexciting from the outside on a Monday morning at 11:45 am. We met two other traveling friends there, and focused on the Northern Thai food (near the back of the menu) that is Lotus of Siam's specialty.   Between the 4 of us, we enjoyed Sai Oua (northern Style Sausage), Northern Larb, and two orders of the  Khao Soi, described as a typical Burmese influenced dish is served with egg noodles in a curry base with a touch of coconut cream, with your choice of meat. (We tried both the pork and the chicken versions.)  All were excellent, and very spicy, although you can request spice levels from 1 to 10. See photos here: http://www.travelingwiththejones.com/2014/05/10/anthony-bourdain-knows-good-food-northern-thai-in-las-vegas/  Take the short taxi ride. Order from the Northern Thai specialties. Enjoy! Perhaps Las Vegas is an exotic international destination after all.
401	0	The staff was definitely friendly and helpful.  The menu items were indeed intriguing, with catchy names like "Swallow a Cloud", and "When Pigs Fly".  There are a few foods here (like the signature Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich) whose ingredients I couldn't quite decipher (maybe braised pork belly with char siu???) nor find in another restaurant.  And they have a fried quail/rose petal menu item called "Like Water for Chocolate"! (I'm a fan of the movie).  However, the overall taste was disappointing.  The pork filling in our street sandwiches was salty (even when eaten with the bread).  "Swallow A Cloud" (which was really just a wor wonton noodle soup) was also salty, and I thought that my favorite Chinatown restaurant did a better version (cheaper too).  When served with tea, we were advised to give it a few minutes to brew... I wish I ignored it because by the time I poured it out, it was too bitter.  The lunch was very expensive compared to the experience I got.  I don't mind paying $30/person for lunch, but I think I deserve to be guaranteed at least a satisfying dining experience at that price.  PS: Even though I was a fan of "Like Water for Chocolate", I decided not to order the namesake dish after tasting the foods they started serving us.  It was about $15 to the already bloating check and I didn't want to risk another possible disappointment.
68	1	04/10/2014:  This place is a must for Thai food lovers visiting Vegas. It is a bit off the strip, but, worth the drive. And you'll likely have to wait a while unless you were lucky to get through ahead of time to make a reservation. The cab drivers will also vouch for the popularity and demand of this place.   We had the usual Pad Thai and Papaya Salad for appetizers. The grilled shrimp, green, red, and yellow curries are all good. The squid salad is excellent. The basil and garlic eggplant dish is excellent. You can substitute green beans if you're not a fan of eggplant. If you like your food spicy and your guests do not, make sure to ask for the fish sauce and fresh Thai bird chillies. That gives it a nice kick. Just be careful, it can make a grown man cry. One if our guests tried some and had tears run down his face as he grabbed for the Chang beer.   Chang beer is the best pairing for Thai food - IMHO. They have a huge wine cellar and it sure looks impressive behind the glass room. However, I just can't seem to muster up the taste buds to pair this amazing Thai food with wine.   I have been to this restaurant several times before. Finally making the time to recognize this place for the fine food it produces. I've turned a few business clients on to this place. They are hooked too. Always a must for me when in Vegas. Some reviewers describe this place as the best Thai food in the US, it's hard to argue with them.
1048	0	Overpriced and not at all comfortable. (hard chairs and laminate tables) We tried the buffalo and the angus. It gets two stars because I am a burger and hot dog aficionado. Nothin special about this place. Even the sweet potato fries and chips were ho hum. And what's in that stringy sticky dippin sauce?
1660	1	I first discovered Shake Shack via The Message is Medium Rare. Being well over 2500 miles from the nearest location was heartbreaking. When I discovered there was not only one in Vegas, but one in NYNY, where I was staying, was a dream come true.  I ate here all three days of our trip. I had three different burgers. I fell in love.  The Smokeshack was my least favorite of the burgers. Bacon always feels like an unwanted after thought on burgers and even though they tried to balance it with acidic peppers it was still lack luster. The Shackburger is a perfect representation of a classic burger. The soft bun melts away, the burger has a crisp skin and tastes of steak, the toppings are in perfect harmony. The crown jewel of Shake Shack is the Shackmeister burger. Topped with their delicious fried shallots, cheese, and shack sauce. Perfection. Their Fries are deceiving, they look like crappy school lunch fries but they are crisp on the outside and pillowy soft inside. Cover them with cheese sauce because you are in Vegas!  They also serve beer here and no matter what we ordered we were always undercharged for the beer. I guess it was out lucky day.
1359	1	Every. Bite. Was. The. Best.  Here is the thought that kept coming to my head at lunch hour today as I dined on the lunch buffet and watched a group of 4 waiting for their food, "if you had the buffet, you'd be eating by now". I'm sure their entree's were good but....
705	1	This is the best food I have ever eaten...  The parking lot is a bit sketchy...watch out for bums.    Service is pretty good.  If you plan to eat here on a weekend or when during the tech conventions, you will need to get a reservation.    You can't go wrong with anything on the menus.   Good selection for vegans.
306	0	Vacationing in Vegas, I got excited that i saw there was a White Castle located on the strip. For those of you who don't know, the west coast remains White Castle-less and i'm glad that it remains that way.  Unless, you've had one too many cocktails or a yard of a margarita in need of say (1-100 burgers) to satisfy your hangover needs. It tastes just like the ones available at your local Vons/Safeway Freezer section. Save your money for other delicious foods in Vegas.  While i'm sure many people dream of pursuing a "Harold and Kumar" type of adventure (especially because its in Vegas. So why not?) Save your money for gambling or find a better adventure.
1738	0	I stayed at LVH for a week in Jan 2013.  I was extremely disappointed ... pretty dirty (stains on the carpet, food trays with leftovers in the hallway, old fashioned rooms, etc).  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because the big screens in the sports area of the casino was nice and the buffet food was edible.  Also the check in and out process was easy and quick.   Other than that, this hotel sucked ... and i wont be back.
600	1	Alright, let's talk Thai;  I could eat Thai food everyday, for every meal, I literally cannot get enough of Thai food into my pie hole. And I would gladly move to Thailand in a heartbeat if it weren't the sauna sweatbox of tropical equator hell, where  I'd look like a tool that had taken a shower in my clothes pretty much whenever I walked outside....  not pretty.  So as a consolation, I've been terribly fortunate to have the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. right in my own back yard, (well, ten miles away but whatever) within the first week of moving here, I had my first experience at Lotus of Siam and my world has never been the same since.    And what a surprise that here, in this archaic mish mash of tired trashy tourist sin reeking of cheap vodka and regret, there lies a culinary palace in the most unsavory of places, but a landmark nonetheless, (and ever since it's small cameo on Top Chef, the hoards of tourists have increased tenfold, making wait times to over an hour at peak times).  In a rundown shopping center east of the Strip, Chef Saipin creates some the loveliest, humble yet sophisticated dishes that make up for the lack of ambience.  Now please, please do not be disparaged by the desolate location and crappy shopping center facade; yes, it is dilapidated and no, your car will not get jacked (many a friend have periodically checked to see if their car's still there) no worries, the homeless keep an eye out for ya!  They've even told me I had a brake light out, which deserved a buck...good people, those cracky addicts...  As you enter through what I can only imagine is akin to walking through the entryway of a Western Union in Compton, you've suddenly matrixed into a crowded, tiny vestibule that is indicative of the original size of the restaurant.  In fact it's recently gone trough an expansion, and when you've managed to squeeze past the herd, the room on the right is the expansion, while directly in front of you is the original dining room.  And the interior, although updated, has the exact the same finishes: green carpeting dark, mahogany wood chair rails, brass railings and oddly scaled glass drop chandeliers....it's like a time machine into retro...without the chic... which I have grown to absolutely love, like visiting grandma's house in the not so nice neighborhood during the Holidays.  Apart from your typical Thai Apps, (Shrimp Toast, Stuffed Chicken Wings)  The Moo Dad Deaw is an awesome starter, akin to a Bar snack item, to be eaten with a nice cold beer.  These succulent, juicy, tender pieces of pork are the precursor to chicken fingers, you can easily pop these suckers one after one in your mouth; as a good accompaniment, have some Sticky Rice to go with it; go ahead wreck your diet, you weren't serious about those New Year's resolutions anyways...  My favorite curry dish on the menu, which isn't you normal curry dish:  the Braised Short Rib with Penang Curry - this luxurious dish has all the depth and richness laid into it's protein not usually paired with Thai cuisine but definitely makes sense.  The hearty Short Rib goes so well with Penang, which is so good, Chef Saipin add Cognac into the Curry which elevates it to whole different level.  I bypass all the other curries cuz I know this one has the best flavor profile out of all of them.  Lotus of Siam has made me a Pad See Ew snob, ever since that first time I ate here, the quality and technique that is executed here is so superb; I honestly have to remind myself that it's not supposed to be this good!  First, the Noodles have that perfect texture; mochi chewiness but firm enough to achieve maximum noodle satisfaction.  Combine it with the Egg, Beef, Broccoli and sweet Soy, it's such an addictive dish that's light yet savory with just a hint of Black Pepper to tighten the palate...just yum.  Another all time favorite of mine:  Crab Fried Rice.  The way that Lotus makes this dish is pretty unbelievable, the rice is incredibly fluffy with a light infusion of crab broth.  I love finding morsels of Crab and Egg as if it's a treasure hunt and there's always a big hunk of Tomato wedge that's seems so out of scale with everything else that's on the plate.  But, as I've ordered this dish consecutively on numerous occasions, it's become a endearing and integral component that adds acidity to an otherwise aromatic, subtle dish.  It is a must-get item on the menu, but be warned, it's not an all out powerhouse of strong flavors, so you may want to order it as an earlier course before the heavier dishes arrive to your table.   As dining experiences go, it's all over the place except for the food.  And in the end, with moderate prices, I can't really say that anything else affect the fact that Lotus has the best Thai food I've ever had.    Ratings (Out of Five Stars) Food:          5+++ Ambience:  2 (much improved hole in the wall) Service:       4.75 (they're always so busy, it can't be helped)
925	1	Amazing burgers!!!  Honestly, the BEST burger I've ever had.  A true chef's creative touch makes these burgess extra special. The Fun-Ghi was the best!!  My husband had the Salmon burger and the sashimi on top of the grilled filet of salmon was the special touch making it fabulous. Kids ate every last bite on their plate as well... CA turkey burger and kids sliders. Will be back if we end up in Vegas next year!
1938	1	Brunch at Bouchon is wonderful.   The coffee is delicious. It was pressed perfectly. Or however it was prepared, it was great. The coffee is very smooth and not overpowering. I didn't add any sugar or cream to it tasted just fine without it.   The food is also delectable. Even though it is a small brunch menu, I wanted to order everything. I ordered one of the brunch specials that day- an egg omelet with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. Sides of sausage and toast. It was yum-tastic. I had a taste of the Chicken and Waffles and was slightly disappointed. The roasted chicken was good, but the waffle was a little dry.    I'm so happy there are two other locations in California =)
1824	0	I cannot say this clearly enough, DO NOT GO! We wasted $86 on this place. Took over 20 minutes to just get our chips and salsa. Chicken Fajitas and Pork Carnitas were bland and tasteless. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas, I am a lightweight, I had almost 3 glasses and never felt a thing. My husband used to bartend and seriously doubted ANY tequila was in there, the overwhelming flavor was sweet and sour. No dissing the waitress as she attempted her best with no help from front door staff or bus staff. Yes it was a busy Saturday night but did they not expect that? C'mon already it's the strip! The only part that made us feel any better was the view of the Bellagio water show. Come sit at the bar overlooking it and have water!
1951	0	The first time I came to White Castle, the line was out the door.  I was excited to try the sliders!  After the first bite, I had no idea what the fuss is about.  The sliders are small and sad looking.  Not much flavor aside from the cheese.  And that's only if you get the cheeseburger sliders!  The original sliders are underwhelming.  The lines are seriously puzzling... is there a secret menu I'm not aware of?!  On the most recent, the hubs wanted to try the chicken rings.  It's a rip off. It's like a nugget, pounded super thin and then they punched a hole in the middle to make it a "ring".  Better off going to Shake Shack or even McDonald's dollar menu.
1235	1	What a great place! Came here last night with a group of 8. The waitress split our bill for us didn't seem too thrilled about it but dealt with it. I ordered the Bulgogi burger and it was probably the best burger ive ever had. Juicy, spicy, sweet delicious. Had a fried egg and on it. Weird but definitely worth it. Also an order of onion rings. Although pricy when they came out there was a huge plate of them and they were perfectly crisp and totally yummy.  Others had plain burgers, salad, Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Everyone left happy and full. Oh, did I mention milkshakes?
141	1	The Egg & I has got to be the best breakfast dining experience I've had in Vegas. The place is busy because the food is excellent for a really good price and the service is very good.  Food: 1) Banana Nut Muffin was the best I've ever tried so far. You could tell they used a lot of butter because it was so soft and flavorful! 2) Benedict - The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was amazing. Perfect execution of this dish. 3) Ranch potatoes were FANTASTIC. They were seasoned perfectly and not overly salty. They didn't have that heavy, thick potato texture. It was lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Service: The hostesses knew how to handle the influx of people waiting and the servers were friendly, helpful, and very efficient. We even got water refills without even having to ask.
103	1	If I could give 6 stars, i would.  I had heard about this place for over a year from co-workers who travel to Vegas regularly.  I get my share of Vegas as well but this place is about 6 miles away from the strip and I hear it's a pain to get a cab back.  So it's taken me nearly a year to try this place, but i'm glad i finally made it!  Enough storytelling, time for the good stuff.  Bachi Burger puts an Asian spin of the traditional burger and combines some of the things you love in Asian cooking into a sandwich.  Our goal was to try as many of the burgers as we could as there were three of us.  First, great beer selection here!  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries and it was a perfect side option for 3 people.  Comes with an egg on top.  The yolk mixed in with the chili and cheese is just the right amount of gooey goodness.  Again the goal was to try as many burgers as we can so we each decided to get something unique and promised to eat one half and split the other half into two so we can all get a taste of each other's.  This was a brilliant idea and I recommend you all try this if going as a group.  Burger # 1: Miyagi Burger - It's their signature burger and comes with grass fed kobe beef patty, some sort of amazing sauce, fried egg and onion strings.  Amazing texture and taste Burger # 2: Spicy Miso: Simple with an amazing spicy sauce that provides just the right amount of heat. This was my favorite! Burger # 3: Unagi Burger:  This one costs $24 but it's well worth the price.  It was a little too sweet and rich for my taste but def worth a try  So after all this we sat there.  Our stomachs were full but we still wanted to end with a bang. The debate was if we wanted dessert, and if so which ones.  Except I had another brilliant idea and recommended we get another burger and split it in three.  I think we were all thinking the same thing, I was brave enough to say it.  So we sat and wondered what else are we going to go with.  Our wonderful server recommended the Mr. Hong, since it was different than what we had already tried.  And what a great recommendation it was!    So like I said, in the beginning, I'd give this place 6 starts if I could.  Not only was the food great, our server made sure we were taken care of from the moment we walked in.  I'm making Bachi Burger my go to destination every time I visit Vegas.
513	1	Tried this place for the first time today, and I will definitely  be back. It's pretty pricey for me but definitely worth it. Love that they had burgers and ramen, my husband and kids enjoyed our meals.  Everything was so delicious and on top of that our server was awesome!!!! I'm all about good customer service and our server Dan made our first experience here even better!!!
1534	1	Lisa was fantastic! Everything about this place is fantastic.   Service  Attentive quick. Within fave minutes drink was served and with in ten food is served. Just right amount of check ups and right after we finished the bill and Togo box is served.   Good  Ordered the works omelette and beef hash, with muffins and potatoes as sides. The banana muffins are simply amazing. I'm not a big fan of baked goods but the muffins are something else.   The potatoes tastes like squared fries and delightfully crispy. The actual omelette and the beef hash are tasty with just the right amount of seasoning.   Did I mention bottomless coffee? Omg this place have everything! This will be my new favorite spot when I come to Vegas
512	0	The lines around dinner and lunch time are always colossal, almost equally so to some of the people standing in them.  I was impressed by the variety of food available here when I managed to finally get in. I guess my choosiness allowed me to luck out and grab the best parts of the meatloaf and pot roast. However, even considering this, the foods seem to contain very high levels of salt. I had four glasses of water by the time I was done with my meal.  The service isn't bad for such a prodigiously crowded eatery but I won't be coming back until I hear about their food improving.  But, hey, at least it's cheap. It's dirt cheap compared to many restaurants in the area, although you can't expect too much.
1120	0	Maybe this place and I got off on the wrong foot, the rooms are ok the ac cranks pretty well, they have nice flatscreens and the shower puts out hot water.    Unfortunately it is a bargain hotel so you do get some "interesting" folks in the elevator en route to your room.    If you book the resort things get a little nicer, they have an exclusive (using the term lightly) lounge, give you free wi fi and even have complimentary wine and beer during the evening hours.    Thats where the upside ends,  The pool is incredibly small and shaped weird, the drinks are watered down and the dining is laughable.  I tried to get a bite to eat and ended up having to go to 3 places before I could find a decent meal to go.  First I went to Tres Rios, The Vince Niel Place, and learned that the actual kitchen has been closed for 18 months and they only do happy hour drinks and appetizers, Literally thats all they open for, then I try to go to the Benihana garden and hit up the sushi bar they have in there to grab a few rolls for my wife and I and learn they are CLOSED FOR THE SUMMER, finally I have to go the cafe and order a boring grilled chicken sandwich.  I would have gone to another casino but I had my kid and my wife waiting for me upstairs.  Who closes a Mexican food joint with a celebrity owner and a Sushi place in Vegas??    The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the rooms are alright and they give free soft drinks, beer and wine for the resort club members.  If you stay here thats fine but dont expect to spend any other time/money here other than sleeping and re hydrating after the partying you did the night before.    If I can avoid coming here again I will.
503	0	2 stars for the atmosphere. That's all they get. I love the rose pedal bathtubs at the entrance, and the pink boxes that the go go girls sat in to look pretty. Even though I am a female myself, I could not stop staring at those girls inside. It reminded me of those windows in Amsterdam's Red Light District.   My group and I hit up Lavo first, and then to TAO after the promoter gave us wristbands for free entry to both places. We were probably in TAO for a total of 15 minutes. There were so many people inside, it was so difficult to get through in the main room that everyone just lined the walls and went around. Halfway through, I gave up because I wasn't getting anywhere. My friend said that they weren't allowing anyone else to enter the dance floor, wherever that was.   Then we all left. Maybe it was because our heels were killing us, or maybe it was because we did not enjoy the vibe at TAO, maybe it was both. But for now, I am not going back to TAO.
1179	0	Used to LOVE MGM Grand to stay at but the employees have had it this past trip. I think they were all very stressed out due to the convention going on because we had poor service everywhere we turned. We were yelled at for using the wrong line at vip & we waited in line to check out for over 1 hour. We did enjoy the bartenders at Fiamma & so that is why I gave them a 2 stars. the attitudes of the employees at front desk would have seriously ruined our day if it hasn't been for Fiamma.
28	1	After just having eaten at Joel Robuchon, I did not have an expectation that this restaurant would blow me away. What surprised me was that it did. The service was great, and it was timely. Our waiter even asked if we had plans for a show so they could expedite our meal. I had read on yelp that the rib cap was the thing to get. Two of us ordered that, so I ordered the less recommended Beef Wellington.  It was soooooo good. Tender and flavorful. The sides of spicy corn and the mac and cheese were delicious too. I'm not sure if these are supposed to be family style. They are only $13 I think, but come in small cups. It wasnt really a problem because we are not glutinous pigs. A couple spoonfuls were sufficient for each of the 4 of us. The bread plate was nice. After Joel Robuchon bread cart, it was not about to blow me away, but since we didn't pay $445, I could understand. We got a magnum of Hirsch Pinot for 295, which was good to the last drop. I was surprised at the coffee which came with the ABC liquor spoons. Yummy! The sticky toffee pudding was delicious as expected. Overall I am leaving Vegas thinking about Beef Wellington.
231	1	I was in joy when seeing the sign while wandering around with the bf.  we're seated immediately at the comfortable table. As usual, I did the ordering, and my eyes are always bigger than my stomach.  We had chicken and waffles which was something different to try, but tasty,  steak sandwich - very good, fried calamari with rock shrimp - an excellent dish, salad & soup combo which was nothing special, we didnt  even finish half of it. However, each portion was way bigger than I thought. For the drink, my bf had beer, while I got orange & strawberry smoothie in a big glass was super good that I kept drinking instead of eating food, but still couldnt finish, therefore I had to ask my bf to suck it up 'cause I didnt want to waste it.  I love the service here, my waiter was nice, friendly & attentive, he came by few times to ask if everything was ok, and another gentleman which I guessed its the manager came over to check on us making sure we're well served. With an awesome service & food like this, I would love to come any time.
307	1	Maybe I'm a sucker for French bistros, but I loved Bouchon. The cocktails are delicious, the wine list varied and the French fare perfectly French and delectable, all at reasonable prices. And though having nothing to do with the food/service, I love their business card letterpress!
1877	1	When we go to Vegas, we make it a priority to visit hash house for breakfast or lunch. I recommend thinking outside the box and try something new.  Everything we have ate here has their own twist to it.  The service is friendly and quite attentive considering how busy they are.  Let me summarize with this quote "I dislike biscuits, but I even ate my kids portion, as they were this good.
1893	0	This place gets 2.5 stars.  I went to the original one in NYC and I remember it being more whimsical and better back then. My group of friends wanted to go really badly, and at the end of the day, I ended up going with 3 guys-- all of whom were super stoked to go. Unfortunately it was a disappointing experience for everyone.   ATMOSPHERE Same decor as the one in NYC but not as cramped. The music made it less cute (they were blasting hip hop) and service sucked.  There weren't any tables available so we sat at the bar. Bad idea... (explanation below)  FOOD We came here for the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, which was way more magical in our heads. Most people got their own, but my boyfriend and I decided to share because I knew how big the portions were. It's honestly enough for 2 people to share and the bartender even asked my 2 guy friends if they were going to share one, haha.  The frozen hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't anything special. What totally broke our spirits was seeing them make it. Since we sat at the bar, we discovered that the coveted HC was POWDER MIXED WITH ICE... it pretty much shattered our hopes and dreams, making the experience way less enjoyable.  Overall, this place is TOO overrated and overpriced. There are better places to blow your money in Vegas!
857	0	Please don't ever come here! If you love your family do not eat at this place. First things first walking in is the horrible smell. It smells like the inside of a nursing home. No lie. Secondly they do not have a person coming around taking your dirty plates, they will sit on your table for a while in the way of your food. Third it's in the ghetto which would be okay if they had good food and customer service which they do not. Inside gives you the feel that a fight can break out and end up on world star and any moment. And last but not least when we were finished eating sitting and talking about how we will never come here again we see one of the workers cleaning the Buffett area and putting all the food that drops around the sides BACK IN WITH THE OTHER FOOD. I am so traumatized
1890	1	Great food, good portions, attentive service and very reasonable prices. I recommend ordering the sesame oil & sea salt for added flavor, regardless the BBQ you order. From the Bulgogi to the Bibimbap, it's one of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas.
353	1	This place is swamped but well worth the wait... People can knock on this place but lets be honest they make damn good food and the portions are definitely some of the largest you can eat.    If you show up and the place is banana's (btw banana latte is legit) then try to check in and flirt at the bar and you might get lucky and seat yourself without the wait (your are welcome).  The meat loaf is crazy good, there are a few options of having it, I have owned some and they are tasty.  The Chicken and waffles are amazing!  Love coming back to this place when I can.
1173	1	On the last trip to Vegas, my girlfriend and I made it to Bouchon for breakfast. As always the service is impeccable at Bouchon, and is a gold standard for hospitality. Breakfast was nothing short of one of the best meals I have ever had. The Eggs Benedict were perfect and the hollandaise was as flavorful as is to be expected. The French toast was full of flavor and is an elevated version of any I have had before. I'll make sure to stop by again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
1112	1	Just a dinner here. Service is great - bunch of people run by our table. Food was good. Portions are not as big as in the Thai St Cafe. $11 a meal. Would've put 4 stars but it fascinates me how this place grew from a whole in the wall to such a big place. Is it all because of celebrities?
214	1	We went here on a Friday morning and we had attentive service. I've also went to egg works, but I actually liked the food better here even though they're all owned by the same people.  I got the stuffed French toast. It's French toast stuffed with eggs, cheese, and your choice of ham, sausage, or bacon. They also have turkey bacon. It also comes with a side of potatoes. I got the homemade orange juice again. It was really delicious but I couldn't eat it all. Afterwards, my waiter said they can do half portions! :)   My other members got burritos and stuffed French toast. They were gobbled up and said they were good.  We also got to claim the free muffin - it was moist and delicious!
891	1	I ate here on my birthday and then I seriously dreamt about it for days on end so I had to come back within a week.  The Miyagi-san burger is amaaaazeeee and so are the oxtail chili cheese fries & truffle parmesan fries.  Service is great, but they seem really rushed.  I don't mind, because I'd rather spend more time eating my food than talking to the server.
160	0	my friends and i stayed @ T.I. last week and and while waiting for our check in we went  to eat at my first Vegas buffet.  Ive had better "free school lunch" food! the only saving grace to this place was the dessert station, and the only standout there was the  Mini Crme brle
617	0	What a HUGE disappointment!!! Way overpriced, horrible service and a one hour wait during lunch at 1:30pm....which they called brunch. I would have liked a salad but the options were very limited, as this was brunch, so they mainly had egg dishes and of course their desserts. So I ordered $15 Nachos. The nachos came with a 1/4 inch layer of grease on the bottom of the bowl and the cheese tasted like some kind of canned cheese wiz. The meat was so over cooked it was super crumbly. I saw the server once and I had to ask another waitress for the bill, as my waitress was busy talking to the table next to us. I will admit the  Frozen Hot Chocolate was vey good and that gave this review its one star. However, for  $11 for a size small, it too was over priced!
1429	1	The hype is confirmed. This place is excellent!  First off, the service is unmatched. Servers, bus boys and hosts were all equally friendly and welcoming. We never got a feeling of pretentious or snooty. Our server had a wealth of knowledge of both the food and Vegas.  Presentation and taste of food were on point. The initial meat display was perfect for the visual guest. :) it looked mouth watering. The meal itself was perfect. The flavors all blended so perfectly. The bread platter at the beginning could have been an appetizer on its own! The mac n cheese is yum yum! My lobster tails were excellent!  Overall you have to go here for the experience and awesome food. You definitely won't be disappointed. A dinner for two with no desert and 2 glasses of wine at 425.00 was totally worth it.
1833	1	This place is worth a five star rating!  Not all of Gordon restaurants are equal in quality but this steakhouse is a notch above!!  Had the Beef Wellington and the cauliflower curry soup!!  Both were excellent and flavorful and as other reviewers have said, the service was first class !!
181	1	This place is a MUST! BURGERS are absolutely delicious!   Kalbi burger- never knew Kimchi would taste so good inside a burger! ordered this with a fried egg. the patty was thick and the sauce was amazing!  I will definitely come back to try other things from their menu!
800	0	On our recent trip to Vegas, my mother and I came here because of a rave review by some people we met on the trip. My mom wanted Chinese and I wanted Mexican, so the restaurant seemed perfect.  The prices were shocking ($5 per taco? seriously?) so we ended up sharing the chips & salsa, Mongolian beef, and 20 vegetable fried rice. The food was delicious, but the prices are outrageous. It was $32 for the beef (which was basically a glorified salad). It was a delicious strip steak, but tiny, we were expecting more. The fried rice was delicious but not worth $20. Plus, the amount of food we were given did not satisfy us. When we arrived my mother was starving, and she left unsatisfied so we ended up having a second (tiny) dinner at Serendipity 3. Next time I want Mexican in Vegas, I'll go to Yolos in Planet Hollywood.
1673	0	Our last morning in Vegas (Tuesday) my husband and I wanted to eat at a buffet up in another hotel however we ran short of time and chose to eat here as it was next to the Delano. It was less than $20/pp to eat and you get what you paid for. There wasn't much of a selection and many things were not labeled so I didn't know what they were. I had to wait to have meat carved for me, while I went to get fresh fruit (which I felt was the only good thing there) two employees were kissing behind the station, the pancakes were slightly rubbery (how can you mess up pancakes), the eggs tasted like they came out of a box and the serving line was dirty. Our server was friendly and was good with replenishing our drinks and cleaning off our table. Our recommendation is to spend your money elsewhere, not here.
384	1	Had the Hawaii Maui steak and it was freaking delicious. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend had the burger and salad which was also good. Great place to eat if you don't want to spend too much money on the strip and still have a good late night meal
1075	1	Had so much fun at Lotus of Siam - a unique experience when compared to the celeb-chef loaded, overpriced spots on the strip that's definitely worth the cab ride out.  It's low-key, no need to get dressed up, and they're dead serious about reservations - will only hold your table for 5 minutes. Obviously, they're masters of tom yum soup - and any other variety.  I ordered mine mild, because I'm a baby, and they obliged - but one of my companions ordered "insane spicy" and they certainly did that too - he was in a lot of pain.  The crispy rice with pork and scallions absolutely rocks - one of my favorite thai dishes I've ever tried.  Broad drunken noodles, red curry, and a whole fish rounded out the meal.  Such a fun experience, highly recommended.
1765	0	O.k so this place Is Nortorious for It's Loud, Rude, Obnoxious servers and you will have to go through some severe Scrutiny and Harassment by the staff but it's all In good fun. The drinks are strong enough and the appetizers are tasty and they even have live music on the weekends.
1091	0	1- Loud, had to be the loudest restaurant I have ever been to. 2- Food, on par with Chili's or Applebee's, nothing special. 3- Service, waiter was nice but very rushed and stressed. 4- View, the view is excellent if you can get it. Personally I will not go back again.
1401	0	Yikes. We came here for breakfast one morning and man did we regret it. The worst service I've ever experienced and the worst food. Everything was very greasy... Actually, greasy is the wrong word... It was oily. Very oily. Ew.   We had basic eggs, bacon, toast and hashbrowns which I thought was hard to screw up but somehow they went above and beyond. Took an entire napkin to soak up the oil from my easy over eggs. My friend had the scrambled eggs which were clearly scooped from a bucket of pre-made, and gooey, eggs. Makes me shudder to think of it.  The service was brutal. She forgot to bring us knives and forks, then forgot salt and pepper, and the ketchup and then she sat in the corner giggling with the rest of the staff until we finally asked someone else. What a joke.  Avoid at all costs.
1367	1	Why did it take so long for me to finally get out to this place? Everything was excellent from service to food! The Crispy Duck over Drunken Noodles was amazing! Makes me sad that I don't live in Vegas.  The green chili dip was good too. It was different than I was expecting. It was more of a roasted chile, cilantro, vinegar, mix. Cant complain about anything that you eat on top of pork rinds!   If you are on the fence about visiting this place, go! Its worth the taxi fare if you are visiting and staying on the strip. If you don't like taxis, you can take the Deuce North to Sahara and take the Sahara Express east. There is a stop not too far from the strip mall where Lotus lives.   If Im ever back in Vegas, Lotus of Siam is definitely on my list!  Oh, one more tip....Make reservations!
998	1	Server (Dave) was really nice and explained to us the portions before ordering.  We ordered the meat lover for 4 people and we had a lot of left overs with 5 people eating. Dave was honest and all the waiters/waitresses helped one another with their tables.  Great service and food.  Don't forget to leave a review for free ice cream
986	0	MGM Grand Hotel was one of my favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  Now I have to change my mind.  There Hotel service is way down and checking in takes way too long.  MGM I will keep my business with your family Casino line Aria and Etc.  But I don't think I will be stay in MGM Grand Hotel anymore.  Very disappointed!
823	0	DONT waste your money.  Inferior beef, inferior service wilted warm salad and zero appeal. What a huge disappointment. The food was TERRIBLE!  The first order was prime rib. It was served swimming in water from the unseasoned frozen vegetables and had absiolutely no flavor. That was exchanged for a piece of meat named as a fillet of beef on the menu. It was the most inferior fillet ever served   YUK! Our guest ordered a medium rare New York strip.  It was served well done. Our guest was too polite to complain. My husbands bone in rib eye was a tasteless overcooked disaster.  The only edible thing on the table was the cotton  candy.  What a sad experience. I came home and made a fried egg sandwich as I was so hungry. Not worth going  to even for the view.  Zero stars.
1934	0	My boyfriend and I needed to grab a quick bite to eat in order to hold us over until the evening, so we stopped by  Pink's Hot Dogs. I've heard of famous Pink's, so I was excited to try out their food, though nothing beats Chicago's hotdogs, so I don't know what I was thinking!   I got the Polish Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which sounds amazing, however, I couldn't have been more off! It had a very bland taste to it, despite everything that it came with. The hog dog itself is just OK, but the Pastrami pieces it came with were so dry, that it was almost hard to eat it. My bf had a regular hotdog which is hard to mess up, but he was also very disappointed. Besides the less than satisying taste, the prices are incredibly high as well.  It's in a great location inside of PH, which was convienant for us since we were staying across the street, however, I will not be back to Pink's. I have Earl of Sandwich bookmarked for next time, which I regret not checking out due to the stellar reviews it has on Yelp.
1930	0	Gone downhill recently. No 'fish' at the fishmonger - only cheap crab. Pasta chef never knew what basic dishes were and the selection all round was on the lower end of the scale.  I guess the Mirage hotel is trying to appeal to the budget customer and sets product choice to match.
115	1	I'm not all that crazy about spending $13-$20 on a burger, however, with that said, this place had a pretty darn good burger.  I got the buffalo burger and it was awesome.  I'd still rather go to the Apple Pan in Los Angeles, but this place is definitely up there. I was especially happy with the hostess.  There was a 40 minute wait when we got there.  We didn't want to wait so our party sat and ordered at a few open seats the bar had.  We saw a few tables open up about 10 minutes later and no one sat at those tables.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she initially told me that if we had already ordered at the bar we had to stay and eat there..house rules.  She then went to talk to her manager and in a few minutes we were in a booth.  what more can I say than...Niiiiiice!
1579	1	Of all the restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas, I have never been to one that so perfectly captures the essence of the Vegas Strip. The exterior of the building looks rather unassuming aside from the neon "Peppermill" sign at the front, but once you walk through those doors you are officially in Vegas. The amount of neon lights is just unreal! The 50's diner/tropical oasis combo is something I am sad to have gone my 25 year life without experiencing. There are flamingos everywhere, and their tableside sugar is rainbow colored! If all of this doesn't scream Vegas to you, then all of the hungover/still partying people dining alongside you will! This was our stop for breakfast before leaving Vegas on Sunday morning. Standard breakfast fare, but giant portions! I had the eggs bennie which was delicious! My husband had the biscuits and gravy that even a human vacuum like himself could not finish. My dad had the ham and eggs with a slice of ham bigger than his face. The wait staff was really wonderful. Very quick and helpful. Overall, I truly enjoyed dining here and cannot wait to go again!
1019	1	As one of the greatest Thai restaurants in the Las Vegas Valley, one should take the time to plan a night of epicurious nirvana that so happens to be located in a strip mall that reminds me of that classic Queen song: thunderbolt and lightning, very very frightening MAMA MIA! But that shouldn't deter you. Yes, my friend, it is like a back street in Mogadishu at night, but during the day it's like The Troubles in Northern Ireland. Ha ha, but seriously. I tried the pad thai, and it was deeeelish. The noodles were cooked just right, and the seasoning was spot on. The freshness of the mung beans was beyond reproach, and the flourish with the peanuts would have made Michelangelo weep. I mean, this isn't as good as any pancit, but it was good for Thai food. Have I spoken about the duck curry? Spiced to my liking, since my constitution is vey delicate, dearest reader. And with the accompanying noodles, elevated these simple ingredients to a paragon of poultry paradise. And the best part of all is the skin, which was very crispy. Not as crispy and delicious as lechon, but that's comparing pig skin and duck skin, and there's no comparison (since pig skin is infinitely more deeeelish.)
1047	1	The food was incredible. There are inside and outside seating options available. There is no reservations (first come first serve) but the wait was less than 5 minutes. The menu is excellent. The place is rated as $$$ but my wife and I ate an incredible meal for under 50 dollars. The corn beef hash is out of this world good. Probably the best i tasted so far. My wife ordered bread pudding which didn't disappoint either. The bacon was a separate charge of 5 dollars, but it was cooked to perfection. Most defiantly a place I would eat again.
1589	0	This was my third time coming and I expected so much from my visit.... Boy was I WRONG! I made reservations and they ended up seating my family and I on a table that was Super wobbly.. FIRST the hostess was not friendly, SECOND the Waitress was not there to serve us for awhile THIRD FINALLY When we asked the waitress if we could change seats  instead of acknowledging us she called the Manger who "tightened the knob" but this didn't help at all explaining we couldn't move without having to wait... BUT WE HAD MADE OUR RESERVATION, not our fault. The waitress was prissy and rude. She didn't even want to serve us lemon in our water when clearly we saw another waitress passed by us with lemons....  Additionally,  when we orders fries with our meal.. They gave us Precooked fries that were sitting out for over 20min (we know this because we were sitting next to the kitchen) so the FRIES WERE COLD and MUSHY.  Unless they change management  DONT WASTE UR TIME COMING HERE.
805	1	The wife and I came here for lunch and we were very impressed! The restaurant had a hip, stylish vibe with the fire decor in the front. Great menu with plenty of more-than-basic options to choose from. I ordered the fish and chips sandwich which was great! She ordered a jalapeo burger and truffle fries which were amazing as well. Only down fall was the two drunk idiots that sat down at our table and started making out.... WTH JUST HAPPENED! The waitress asked if they were with us and quickly got them out HAHA maybe have a railing around the outside table so no one thinks that there's open seating??? Other than the drunken stupidity, I loved every bit of it and definitely recommend going!
1139	1	You definitely have to try their version of a banana nut muffin. I've never eaten a banana nut muffin quite like it.  Now I know why they're famous for it.  I also love their newspaper-like menus, very creative.    It is a comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.  This is a popular restaurant, and we went on a Saturday morning, thus we had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table, which isn't bad at all. It took a while for us to decide on what to order because everything (they had quite a variety of choices on the menu) sounded so appetizing.  After we finally ordered, our food came out quickly, and everyone was pleased w/ each of our orders.  Everything looked very good and tasted great too.      It's not located that far away from the Vegas Strip, and it's definitely worth the short drive.  It's also a nice getaway from the chaos and traffic where the casinos are.  I certainly couldn't have gotten a decent and fairly priced breakbreast/brunch meal somewhere on the Strip. From now on, whenever I visit Vegas, I'll have to goeat at Egg and I.
1539	0	Better than hometown buffet but still nasty food. They have the chocolate fountains but they use very cheap thinned out chocolate that doesn't even dry on your fruit after dipping. Two stars for the cotton candy and ice cream, that's it. Will never come back to this place.
62	1	The place is definitely hidden. First time I came here I wasn't sober enough to remember lol But I remembered enjoying the pizza.  The quality is good, I want to try all of their toppings! Order the one you want and they'll pop it into the oven for few minutes to warm it up :)  It's open super late so you can stop by for a late night drunchie after marquee. The price is very reasonable (especially in Cosmopolitan!).   There are more comfortable seatings outside. Look for the huge red couch!!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=nj_b27TPNvVtHKkqxo53oA#nj_b27TPNvVtHKkqxo53oA
1711	1	WARNING!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU HAVE A HUUUUUGE APPETITE!!!  My wife and I just spent the weekend in LV and ended up going to the HHGG twice for breakfast.  The food is awesome and the servings are insanely huge.  Servers, as busy as they are, are polite and friendly.  This is a must visit place that will not let you down.   NICE JOB HHGG!
360	0	I've been to the Mandalay Bay Buffet many times, and the quality has definitely gone down over time.  My favorite is always the prime rib when it's cooked just right at medium rare.  The crab legs are good, but they are not normally fresh and the shells are soft which makes them really hard to open to get that one piece of meat.  I remembered their dessert used to be better also, though their bread pudding is still very delicious and about the only dessert I eat there now.
1132	1	My last meal on earth. I always try to stop here while in Vegas. Absolutely to die for.   My favorite -- Specifically the Roasted Chicken and Bacon & Chive Waffle. OUT OF THIS WORLD. The chicken is served a breast and a thigh with black truffle gravy. The waffle is served with Vanilla Bean butter and warm maple syrup. It doesn't look like much food but its just enough to fill you up and the presentation is beautiful.  Service is quick and attentive.
1029	1	Came here for my morning hangover. Had a "ballast point" beer in my hand and the guy behind the counter recognized it! Wearing a white t shirt with a hat that said "original". Great customer service I feel bad I didn't have cash and only tipped a $1 because it wasn't until after I tipped he started talking. Also another dude with tats who serviced us and was super kind. They had the right amount of energy to deal with a hungover couple and still provided great conversation! I tried to offer him some of my beer as I just opened it but he refused... If I had a extra one in my room I would bring it down for when he is off his shift! Lol. This place really is a hole in the wall but exceeded my expectation! Props to your beer knowledge!!! Hope you make mad tips and get some hot chicks numbers!
728	0	Went in for dinner. Greg was our waiter. My friend wanted spaghetti and a salad. He told her she didn't want salad the pasta dish was enough. REALLY! We were both drinking alcohol. Was not asked if we wanted another drink. Brought check to table before plates were removed. REACHED OVER ME to grab my wine glass without asking if I was done or wanted another glass. His service and attitude were so bad I can't even remember what the food tasted like.
1757	1	Bonne adresse de pizza, de belles part a manger sur place ou de grandes pizza  emporter.  L'endroit se trouve au 2me tage du cosmopolitan (3me niveau !) au fond d'un couloir avec des affiches, pas facile  trouver mais il suffit de demander, il n'y a pas de pancartes et il n'apparat sur aucun plan.  On y va pour les pizzas, pas pour le lieu.
741	1	LOVE this place.  The promotional materials say that BurGR "takes the traditional burger, fries and milkshake comfort food combination to an entirely new level," and that's not hyperbole.  We had the Uber Cheese Burger (3 kinds of cheese, fantastic gooey goodness), the Chicken Sliders (good sized, a little aggressively spiced) and the truffle fries (huge portion, more than enough for two to split).  Nothing disappointed, and it was enough food that we didn't finish the fries, despite our best efforts.  Our servers were both terrific: Gianna, who my date described as "put-her-in-a-teacup-cute," and Alex, who knows his way around a beer list.  (On that note, the beer list here is not world-beating, but is passably broad and reasonably priced.)  The servers and host staff are decked out in form-fitting '60s-flight-attendant-inspired uniforms, which is a nice touch and good eye candy.  Easily a level above Holstein's at the Cosmo.  I'll definitely be back.
81	0	Great location, atmosphere and service. But the food, the food. The food is the rub. Every meat was overcooked and dry. It's a steakhouse and I expected the signature food to be much better.  Be sure to get the coupon from the girl out front. But even at half price, it's still no bargain. Maybe try at lunch when prices are already lower.
1525	0	Went here last night for dinner and it took almost 45 minutes for us to get our food. There were several tables that came in after us and got their food before we got ours. Maybe it was just a fluke but, not apology or explanation as to why it took so long to get our food. The food was good but, overpriced. The service makes the experience and I will not go back.
1102	0	Not a horrible buffet....but not a great one. There is a lot of variety to choose from...but the food isn't the greatest. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. The dessert bar need MUCH help. Not a lot to  choose from there and most of it was horrible. I go to Vegas every year and usually steer clear of this one.
1742	0	1. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.  2. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me ten minutes later.  3. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.  4. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" NO! i've been holding and hung up on for the last 20 minutes!!!  FINALLY, i got a reservation.  seriously, why was that so hard?  i ended up having to cancel that reservation because my daughter fell asleep.  we decided to just walk in on a thurs afternoon after we checked out of our hotel and got seated within 15 minutes.  the menu is whimsical and has a little bit of everything, reminiscent of a cheesecake factory.  the main reason we came is because i have wanted a frrrrozen hot chocolate ever since i saw kate beckinsdale & molly shannon leave one on the table in that scene in the movie of the same name.  while it didn't disappoint, i don't think i would go out of my way for one again.  fun place to hang out and dine w/ kids, if you can handle the wait and slow service.
281	0	Overrated!! Honestly the (actual) hot dog tasted regular, nothing special...the buns were regular, nothing special...they just threw a bunch of sides on top of a REGULAR hot dog!! At $6-7a hot dog, presentation is only a fraction of what i expected. Don't get me wrong, would i eat here again??...probably...could it be better?? YES
1516	0	The absolute worse breakfast I've ever been served. Greasy hash browns, gross pancakes that tasted like they forgot to mix the bisquick batter and the most bitter cup of coffee I've ever had. All for the low price of $25, what a joke. Also I could not get the waitresses attention and she didn't come back to my table for 20 minutes. When I told her I almost did a spit take when I tasted the coffee. She took the cup and came back 10 minutes later with the same bitter brew. If you want bad food and bad service this is the place for you. I can't believe food this awful would be allowed in Mandalay Bay. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!
1846	1	These are seriously some of the best burgers I have ever had.  I don't know how they do it but the meat is out of this world delicious and tender and the sauces are really good and usually ask for them on the side.  They even have turkey and salmon burgers. Would love to try them all.
27	1	My boyfriend was craving some Kbbq and we wanted to try something new apart from Sura and Tofu Hut. I found this place on Yelp so we decided to try it. I wasnt expecting much since yelp stars cant be trusted sometimes. But OMG just as we walked in..Cute Korean Dudes.. lol. No but seriously, the staff were very accommodating and friendly. The place looked very clean, modern and spacious. We got there around 6pm and the place was packed. We got seated shortly after and Calvin, our waiter was very helpful in deciding what to get. We then ordered their Best Seller: Gangnam for 2, $65.95. We felt that the portions were perfect, mann we were stuffed. Then we had Honey Toast and Lava Cake for dessert..yummy! Apparently if you make a yelp review you get either a Lava Cake or Banana Tempura Ice Cream for free.  Our first time experience at this place was awesome. It just might be our new go-to place. The food, and the staff was great. I definitely would recommend this place. It is on the pricey side, but definitely worth it.
1485	0	Hungry to the point where our stomachs were starting to ingest themselves, a few friends and I stopped into I Love Burgers for an early dinner. We were greeted by a super friendly hostess that quickly seated us and gave us menus to peruse. I noticed that each burger was priced around $15 and didn't include any sides, which struck me as being a bit odd. No matter. After a few minutes browsing their delicious-looking options, I ordered the Standard with Pepper Jack cheese and mushrooms, as well as a side of Parmesan fries. I figured $6 for a side of fries was pretty steep, but just having entered the US mere hours earlier I had a hankering for the classic all-American meal, so I ponied up the extra cash. My friends must have thought the same thing, as we were all giddy with excitement for our meals.  Not long after, our waitress brought out our (massive!) dinners. It doesn't say this on their menu, but a "side" of fries is actually an entire basket. Had we known, my friends and I would have easily split them, so take note! As for the food itself, the burger was tasty, although not $15 tasty. As for the fries, they were a bit too thinly sliced for my taste, but that's just me.  I know what you're thinking: "Sarah, you're giving them only two stars, so there must be more to the story. Out with the juicy details!" Alright, alright. I just needed to write this preamble to collect myself. Brace yourselves...  When I went to the women's washroom, there was no soap in the dispenser. Gross, yeah, but it happens from time to time. What made me feel REALLY grossed out was that the staff use the same bathrooms as the customers, so how could they not notice the soap was out, unless...? No! I don't even want to entertain that thought. Of COURSE food service workers wash their hands after using the restroom, right? RIGHT?
746	1	Fabulous little dive off the strip. Go early for breakfast. There was no wait on the Saturday morning I visited. This breakfast was very well worth the Uber drive. My waitress, Tamara, was awesome. She recommended the Bandito (if you like spicy food!) and was SO right! The house breakfast potatoes are amazing and you must take advantage of the Banana nut muffin offer on Yelp. Even if you are full, take one home! Absolutely a must do when you are ready to escape the lavish buffets of the strip!
1082	0	I stayed here once before, no trouble, beautiful rooms. I booked with easy click travel. No where on my invoice was I alerted to the surprise resort fee of $15 per night.  After a long night of travel I simply asked to talk to a manager in the morning.   If I don't pay the surprise charge I don't get keys.   Don't ever stay here for any reason.  Thank Rodney and Darcie.
381	0	Been to two pinks hot dogs now....The supposedly good one and this one and this one sucks. The hot dog just sucks. It's nasty. Make it  bearable by putting every condiment on it and put pastrami and whatever they have. Cause the dog just straight up sucks.  Oh ya the service is not that great either. Small little place. Wouldn't go  if your drunk. Just go eat mcdonalds or pizza. Not this
162	1	It can be a long wait but it is definitely worth it!  I've been here twice on Saturday's and usually wait between 15-30 minutes and that was for 2 people.  Can't remember what I got the first time but I know I enjoyed it because I came back for seconds. The service is great, and they even have these placards on the table to let your server know you need service instead of being that person to flag them down. Very useful. Highly recommended!
970	1	I LOVE Burger Bar. So much. As a local, I really try to avoid the Strip as much as possible. But this place has become a staple in my family. When we think burgers, we think Burger Bar...so it's well worth the drive down the Strip to get there.  Depending on when you go dictates how long the wait is. We've waited anywhere from 10 minutes to over an hour. They won't seat you unless everyone in your party is present (which I can appreciate, having worked in the restaurant industry), so if you're waiting for people to arrive, I recommend at least getting your name on the list. That way, when everyone DOES arrive, you can just let the hostess know your party is ready and your wait time will be shortened.  It's usually pretty loud in there. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this definitely isn't the place to go. It's got a bit of a sports bar feel to it, with sports games playing on both the big screens and the small TV screens inside the booths. But everybody always seems to be having a good time, and I can still manage to have a conversation with my table without having to shout at anybody.  They have the Chef's burgers menu, and also have build-your-own options for burgers and milkshakes (both alcoholic and not). They have non-beef options, such as chicken, turkey, or salmon. They even have a veggie burger and a specialty vegan burger, along with various salad options for all the non-meat eaters out there. All of the Chef's burgers come with skinny fries, but you can change those out for any of their other side options. (I usually opt for sweet potato fries.) If you do a build-your-own, you can add on those side options for $3-6.  I personally am OBSESSED with the Hubert Keller burger. I mean, I dream about this burger. I wake up craving it. And then I bug everyone I know to give me an excuse to go get one. It's a buffalo burger topped with sauteed baby spinach, caramelized onions, and blue cheese. Each component on that burger compliments every other component. It comes with a Red Wine Shallot reduction on the side, and it just puts the burger over the top. It took a couple visits for me to get my dad to try it (he was scared of buffalo meat for some reason), but I practically shoved a bite down his throat and now he's hooked. Buffalo meat is amazing!  A close second (in my opinion) would have to be the Peppercorn burger. If you're a fan of pepper and mustard, THIS is the burger for you.  Then of course, there are the milkshakes. Holy crap! So yummy! I've had both the Nutella and the Salted Caramel milkshakes. Both are sooo delicious. When ordering shakes "for here" they are decorated beautifully. Very artistic. But you can also order them to-go, and they'll put it in a plastic cup with a nice wide straw so you can take it with you.   I also recommend the Creamy Cheese Cake burger. This is a dessert alternative to the milkshake, filled with sweetened cream cheese and caramelized pineapple. The "bun" is made with fresh donuts! Mmm Mmm! They're a little small though, so...unless you just want a bite, I recommend skipping the "Let's split a dessert" part of the conversation and just keep it all to yourself.  We've never once had a bad experience here. Our servers have always been friendly, they are mindful of any modifications we make, and our burgers are always cooked to perfection. Service CAN be a little slow though. Depending on how busy they are, it may be hard to track down said server for drink refills or extra sauce. And once they take your order, you can expect to be sitting there twiddling your thumbs for 15-20 minutes with nothing on the table but beverages. (There is also a longer wait on the dessert burgers.) But! They DO cook everything to order, so it's completely understandable and well worth that wait.
515	0	I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!  I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
152	1	Wow, this place doesn't mess around with their chicken and waffles.  The chicken is roasted to perfection, they put bits of bacon in the waffle batter, and it comes with the most devine vanilla syrup ever.  This place has some of the best french bread I've ever had and their chocolate "bouchons" (basically chocolate cake in small cylinder shapes) go perfectly with the three different ice creams served on top.
429	0	This is for breakfast only.  I have to agree with Jax P.  Bland and soggy were the key words.  Service was subpar.  I asked for coffee, but nearly had to hunt down the server for cream.  There were a ton of bagels out, but no toaster or cream cheese.  The fruit was not ripe, the smoked salmon could have been much more flavorful, the sweets were completely unappealing and the cooked dishes were greasy.  The two roasted meats were the best things there.    The best part?  My stomach ached for hours after eating a small meal here.
356	1	With the various appetizers and meat, it was an amazing experience for me, especially on my first time. We ordered fried calamari, cream cheese wontons, mixed tempura, etc. for our appetizers. The pork belly and bulgogi are to die for. The servers were super friendly and were there when we needed their service. There a specific server that I took a liking who constantly checked on us and he made my stay more pleasing! Hope to stop by when I'm in the area again!
1258	0	worst Brazilian food ive ever had!! majority of meat was dry, hard, flavor less and BURNT. not charred, but burnt!!! for the price of this place i expected better food. servers were polite, but some meat cutters/servers are rude and seemingly arrogant. I went here for a prebirthday celebration and it was definitely a disappointment. Only reason for 2 stars is the salmon because it was delicious
1127	1	We always stop here for at LEAST one (Bamboozled) adult milkshake while we are in Vegas!  Very unique choices and VERY filling. We usually don't eat before having one of these!  I think it's cool that they fill your glass to the rim AND give you the shaker with the "left over" shake!  So delicious! We had an appetizer once (maybe fried pickles?) but we literally only stop here for these amazing treats!! There's just no room for food when it comes to these shakes!! Yummy!!!!
1486	1	Listen up folks, yelp exists for a reason.  See all those 3.5 star reviews for all the overpriced restaurants on the strip.  You know the ones that don't live up to and are more expensive than the original locations in New York and Los Angeles.  The ones that don't really care about how good the food is, because the celebrity chef whose name is on the marquee is at least an entire desert and mountain range away.  Those famous name places in the hotels, they care as much about return customers as those slot machines do.  They both know that as soon as they take your money, the next stooge is going to sit down in that same seat.  Bachi Burger belongs on the strip.  It so good and different that it should be featured in the Bellagio or the Wynn, but you aren't going to find it there.  You are going to find it tucked away in a hard to see corner of a strip mall south of the airport.  This gem who MUST expand to other locations, is a concept from Chef Lorin Watada, who has worked for Roy's for many years.  The fusion of Asian flavors and burgers are so perfect together, I have no idea why nobody else has really come up with an entire menu of it before.  Sure you sometimes see a Teriyaki burger on a menu, but this is a completely different level.  We started off with Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns.  While not listed as an appetizer, they are like 3 mini sliders, so good for sharing.  The buns were nice and sticky and folded taco style around a slice of sweet duck breast, cilantro, slice of egg, thin slice of radish, scallions, black Chinese vinaigrette, and hosin BBQ sauce.  While they were a good starting point, never order them in place of a Burger! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#3zjM4SbAXTNr8cRrcyHDeg  I split two burgers with my brother.  Both were so good, we couldn't decide which one we liked better.  First was the Ronin Burger.  7oz of Angus beef topped with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, miso goma dressing, and katsu BBQ sauce.  On the side was yuzu citrus aioli.  I also had them add Gruyere cheese.  The burger was cooked a perfect medium rare.  It was nice and pink.  The juices of the burger and the katsu BBQ sauce went so perfectly together I couldn't distinguish them as separate entities anymore.  The Japanese cabbage slaw had a nice crunchy sweet vinegar flavor to offset the texture of the burger.  I'm usually not a huge fan of a fried egg on my burger, but this just seemed so right.  So many times, burger joints throw on a fried egg for "shock value".  Somehow on this burger it was tastefully done to enhance the burger.  The miso goma sauce was on the slaw side of the bun.  The sweet rice wine/ sesame flavor worked perfectly with the slaw.  At this point my taste buds were just singing.  How could you need more flavor?  What was this yuzu citrus aioli about?   I added some of it just on one bite, and  found that the burger really didn't need it at all.  In fact that was the opinion I had about every side of sauce served with each item.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#8s5ab8tv_OI9keGxjmPErw  The second burger may have been even better!  More unique in flavor for sure.  The Banh-Mi Burger.  Ok, brace yourselves.  The patty is made up of...ground angus beef, pork, shrimp, pork pate, lemongrass, and plenty of other herbs and spices.   It was topped with pickled carrots & radish, cilantro, curry aioli, and lettuce.  The nuoc mam dipping sauce (fish sauce with lime, garlic, vinegar, etc..) was served in a large bowl on the side.  Plenty of room to dip your burger in the bowl.  But once I did that, I felt the strong sauce covered up the wonderful flavor of the burger.  Again we had it medium rare and the juices were everywhere.  For those that complain that the burgers are too juicy and the bun can get soggy....Eat it faster!!!  I actually thought the bun held up well.  A burger that tastes this good, isn't going to last long on my plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#ETcasvkOZaGaNUM3ZVIoQA  A burger isn't complete without some fries.  We had the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which were enough to share.  This isn't your usual truffle oil just poured on the fries, it's black truffle porcini cream.  WOW it was great, but not very much of it.  I wonder if you can get extra of it on your fries if you are willing to pay more.  The fries were perfectly cooked and sliced thin.  Topped with a small amount of slightly melted parmesan cheese.  Really after you got past the the top layer of fries, there wasn't much topping left, so share nicely everyone!   We stayed away from the Sun Dried Tomato Aioli dipping sauce as the flavor overpowered a much superior flavor of the fries.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#z7-52AroniBC5F63yI0D4A  Nothing left to say other than GO NOW!
1176	1	Awesome place. Looks really cool, plates, silverware good presentation was all very unique and cool.  The food wasn't huge portion, but the taste is incredible. Fries, dessert and burgers were all so good. When we go back to Vegas, we are coming back!  Decent prices too!!
1250	0	We paid I believe $15 per person for breakfast. I barely found anything to put on my plate and whatever I did find, i didn't enjoy it. Breakfast is supposed to plentiful and amazing food! Didn't find either of those here. I would suggest paying a little more and going somewhere nicer with a lot more food, I mean it IS a BUFFET! Kids pay $12.
1908	1	Everybody here will focus on the burgers, but when you're dining at a Hubert Keller establishment, it's pretty much a guarantee that you're going to get a fantastic entree.  Instead, I will focus on the best milkshake I've ever had in my life - the Chocolate Cowboy.  It was a bit pricey, running me around $11, but the chocolate was of the highest quality and the ingredients were perfectly balanced.  There were mini marshmallows that melted in my mouth instead of adding unnecessary chewiness, and everybody at the table wanted to sample the chocolate whipped cream (I reluctantly obliged).  The high point, though, was the whiskey in the milkshake.  It was perfectly proportioned where I got every bit of the flavor of the whiskey, but it stopped just before the normal "burn" of sipping whiskey would come into play.  It was absolutely incredible.  If you're up to turning the normal $$ of Burger Bar into a $$$, definitely hit up their milkshakes - you won't be disappointed.
896	0	This place sucks!  Ordered some beers at the bar waiting on a table to open outside, bartender was rude.  Get outside, waiter ok, but guy who brought our food was rude when he threw it on the table.  Waiter never came back to check on us after the food was ordered!  Love this place in the Bahamas but not in Las Vegas... No fun here! Stick to Senor Frogs in the Caribbean ...
121	1	A perfect bite after a night of drinking and dancing, enough to soak up the alcohol and slap you back to sobriety.   My BFF and I decided to play a round of pool after the club and after hustling it from several unsuspecting men, treated ourselves to pizza. From what I can remember at 4am, the place wasn't marked with obvious signs of house made pizzas. But what was vivid was kicking off our heels, putting our feet up and enjoying my glorious cheese pizza- with extra money in our purses.
1248	0	I would not come back to this place even if it was free.  I was very disappointed, I really wanted to like this place.  Our waitress was very nice.  My disappointment came when we had to wait more than 10 min for anyone to come through with meat, and if they did come, it was because we had to ask our waitress to send someone over.    The food was tasteless, and all I had to eat was a Caprese (look-a-like) salad because I could not bare eat any of the meat.  I would not waste my money coming here.
158	1	If your looking for a great Breakfast spot in the LV area, look no further.  This place was great.  I ordered 2 eggs over-easy, with Potatoes and bacon.  My wife got an omlet.  We also ordered a biscuits and gravy.  Everything was AMAZING!!!!!!  It can get kind of crowded in the AM on the weekends but its worth it.
1264	1	Honestly what better way to combat a hangover in Vegas than a cheesy pizza loaded with meats and veggies...hot and ready to order? Yeah, nothing. This review wont be long I swear...because I want you guys to just find this place....on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan...exit out the elevator to your left...then quickly to your right...spot the hallway after the Jaleo Restaurant and make a right down the hallway..... and see the glorious yet tiny SECRET PIZZA place. It's everything your heart desires. Whatever you want, order it- This place is where dreams come true. I was craving a good pizza place, absent of the fancy Vegas pretentiousness and I found it. Made to order. Orgasmic. You gotta do it guys...
1654	0	Do not stay in the courtyard rooms whatever you do! I booked through a 3rd party website which did not describe these rooms accurately. They are in a detached building. The check in person was rude that I would only take a 1st floor room after finding out there is NO ELEVATOR for courtyard rooms. The room lacked good air conditioning (desert must). I have seen larger showers in an RV. The sheet on the bed does not cover the mattress which is not hygienic. The maids don't leave the room doors open when cleaning the rooms. This is the first hotel I've seen allow this. Reading some of the other reviews people have had issues with items being stolen.  The courtyard entrance is not secure only adding to the risks. It is always open and accessible from the street.   The Oyster Bar here is terrible.  The Oyster Bar at Texas Station is top notch. If you find yourself staying here save yourself the wait and disappointment. Go to the Oyster Bar at Texas Station.
769	0	Ouch!  Really, this was painful.  Ate here for their Sunday Champagne Brunch.  First of all, they're serving J Roget for their champagne.  The stuff costs $4 a bottle so be ready for a headache if you're going all out on this stuff.  We did not as my wife and I both know better than to drink cheap champagne.  The buffet was weak in our opinion.  There is absolutely no ambiance to the place and it is grossly overpriced.  Thankfully we had a $65 credit as part of our room package so we only spent $10 with tip for the meal.  I would strongly suggest visiting the "Pantry" around the corner for breakfast or a different resort for their brunch.  If you do want a highlight to try out while you're there check out the cinnamon buns and the tiramisu, both were very good.
814	1	Best breakfast buffet for the money on the strip. For $18.95 you get unlimited omelette station, waffles that are so fluffy you think you are in heaven, bacon, sausage, hash browns, fruit, cold and hot cereal. A must if you like breakfast.  #bestwafflesever!
976	0	I would give it a zero if I knew how! Worst service ever! As a server myself, I've never seen such disregard to a customer. Never once saw our serve once he took our order til we had to ask someone else for the check. Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! Acted like they were too good to work! And worst the chicken from the chicken and waffles was undeniable! Never order that ugh!
1506	1	The beef wellington was amazing; cooked to perfection, so tender I could of used my butter knife.  The surprise of the night was the Sticky Toffee Pudding desert... it was UnF@&king real.  I would of licked the plate if there weren't so many people around. Get one to go if you're full but you MUST get one!  Great dinner, great ambiance, amazing food, will definitely visit again.
900	1	Damn good burgers. I had the truffle burger and it was top notch -- cooked perfectly, well- seasoned, and juicy. Expect to wait in line. Also, I highly recommend sharing the fries as you're paying 8-12 for them but they're large enough to share between 3 people.
656	1	o-m-g! When it is 2am and you are starving, this place is GOLDEN! The cheese oozing burger was to-die-for! The shakes were ahhhMaZING! It is so great to have a decent meal in vegas that will not cost you an arm and a leg and is good! I would highly recommend this place! Head over towards NYNY to find this amazing burger joint!
1918	1	Best Thai food in North America for sure.  Be sure to order off the back of the menu in the "Chef's special recommendations".  The sea bass Tom Yum tastes like lemongrass scented butter.  The Panang Curry short rib is also one of my favorites.  I have found that it is best to go with a group of 4+ so you can taste various items on the menu.
837	1	Drunk food at its best! This little gem is hidden in Cosmo. Came here after a crazy night at Marquee. I was actually surprised the line wasn't longer but there was still a good amount of people. Line moves quick so no worries.   Pizza slices are about $5 but really depends what you get. I tried the White Pizza and the Pepperoni and they were both amazing. My favorite one was the White Pizza. Not sure if I was just drunk and hungry or if the pizza was just THAT good.
1656	0	Totally overrated!  We order green tea frozen hot chocolate, and it is not HOT. Isnt it supposed to be HOT? or am I just taking it too literrally?  Also for the strawberry sundae, it was meehhh. Nothing special, really.  And their service is sooooooo slow.
1932	0	SLOT WINNINGS TO BUY BREAKFAST   On Thursday night, which was my final night at Vegas, I won $574 in a slot machine at Flamingo. I wasn't planning to have breakfast the following day when I checked out. However I decided to get breakfast for the following reasons: 1) I got a coupon for $5 off for breakfast as a Total Rewards Member 2) Instead of gambling I still can get points by eating here.  After the first plate I lost my appetite. Here's why. The first plate included scrambled eggs. I like my scrambled eggs wet but something was wrong with these eggs. They left a bad taste in my mouth and stomach. Gordon Ramsay said he could tell if a person can cook well if it knows how to cook scrambled eggs. Well someone should've vetted the person or people who cooked theses scrambled eggs. I ended only have three plates of dishes because of the scrambled eggs. The rest of the items were pretty good like ham, sausages, hash brown, and blue berry pancakes. But I always felt to determine how good a breakfast buffet is by how well cooked are the scrambled eggs.   My advice is if you won big money from the slot machine I suggest skip this place and treat yourself to a higher quality restaurant.
264	1	My families experience at Bouchon was AMAZING! Getting to the restaurant was a bit tricky, just remember there's an elevator that takes you to Bouchon in the lobby of the parking garage! Venetian has a sign leading you to the Bouchon cafe but the full restaurant is on the 10th floor...there was a couple in front of us that messed up EXACTLY like us so I didn't feel as dumb "p we arrived at the restaurant and were seated within 5 minutes. My son (1.5), daughter (4), husband and myself got sat at a 4 top and the hostess brought crayons and pages for them to color. But we realized they cover their tables in paper!!! My babies loved drawing on the table!   Our server wasn't anything special. She didn't ignore my kids and I appreciated that. We ordered orange juice and: French TOAST - HOLY COW!!! This was the best french toast EVER. You can not have breakfast at Bouchon without ordering this!! The butter it was served with i could have ate with a spoon! Steak sandwich - the bread was perfect, our steak was perfect medium, the peppers and onions gave a great texture contrast. I will be ordering this again for sure!! Beignets - they were ok at best... Cinnamon apple oatmeal- totally regret ordering this. It was crazy watery and had ZERO flavor. We added all the brown sugar and even 3 packets of natural sugar but still..yuck. Luckily my son ate some.  I loved the French Toast and steak sandwich so much Bouchon gets 5 stars and I deem it as one of the best breakfasts I have EVER had!! I literally can't wait to go back!!
1468	1	Definitely one of the top five burgers of my life and I have had a few.  Natural source beef, smoked Gouda cheese, pepper bacon, and truffle mayo.  Order that and thank me later.  Beyond the phenomenal food Burger Bar gets five stars for the following reasons.  1.Our waiter Sergio (I think) took great care of us.  Good recommendations and excellent timing.  2.  The prices are cheap by Vegas standards.  Burgers for two with a fry sampler and a few beers came in around ~50$.  3.  The hostess made a mistake and seated us in a section that was set to be occupied by a large group.  We were seated for maybe 5 minutes when the manager came over, apologized profusely and politely asked us to move a few booths down.  Our group was fine with his apology and had no problem with moving.  He insisted on knocking 20% off our bill which was an unneeded but nice gesture.  The manager also made sure to check on us and seemed genuinely concerned that we had a good time (which we did).  4.  They had an excellent beer selection.  Over the last few years I have been happy with good beers making their way to Vegas and Burger Bar has jumped on that bandwagon.  I had a few Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA and there were three or four more beers I would have gladly ordered.   Burger Bar.... we will definitely be back.
596	1	The food is super-rich.  You will get very full if you attempt to eat everything on your plate.  I have ordered pasta and steak and both were excellent.  I would say the pasta dishes are the way to go, as the few sauces I've ordered were very good.  I got a bite of my wife's iceberg salad and it was very good as well.  They serve Cheesecake Factory dessert, so try to save enough room.
1702	1	Delicious, off the wall breakfasts in HUGE portions, make this a place to check out. To give you an idea of what I mean by "off the wall", how about a 24oz. can of Budweiser served in a brown paper bag? Yep, it's on the menu. The Bloody Mary's are huge & tasty. Just a fun place to take people for breakfast. But be ready to wait, this place is ALWAYS poppin'!
1798	0	I give one star because the only thing I ate that was good was the omelette. I mean you can't mess up a bacon and spinach omelette...can you? Everything else was disgusting, tasteless, bland, flavorless and just down right gross. I only tried this place because it was part of the runner perks for the Rock and Roll marathons, so it wasn't a first choice for buffet. Now I know where to NOT go. The "waiters" are not even waiters, they are just busboys. You have to grab your own drink, they don't even bring it for you, including sodas, teas, beer and drinks at the bar, you get yourself. All they do is pick up your plates. So basically its not too much service on their end. It's sad because there alot of food here, but they are all horrible. Pick another place!!!
1106	0	I was a little bit disappointing as I've heard so many great things about this place.  We stopped by the location outside of Cesars Place and had the option of waiting 20 minutes to dine-in or order outside at the window. We chose to order outside and it took quite a while. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate, which was $10 and was sorely disappointed. It was basically a glorified frosty with whipped cream, served in a plain cup with sprinkles. The prices differ between inside and outside which is why I think it looked different - but I just don't think that this chocolate milkshake was worth it at all. I also ordered a corndog because I was starving. I realize that corndogs aren't their specialty but it was totally microwaved and for $6 I expected a little bit more :(
223	0	The food is good but the restaurant is sneaky with its prices. Along with my entree I had one 12 ounce glass of plain, unsweetened, unflavored regular iced tea and it was $4.99!! Would have had to sit there a long time to get $4.99 worth of refills, but I had a show to see.  Unfortunately it goes along with other reviews referring to them asking if you want rice and then charging $7 for a small bowl of plain, white rice. Too bad they have shady pricing because the food tastes pretty good and I would have added it to my list of repeats, just not worth the Price Gouging you get.
277	1	Wow!  Wasn't expecting such an amazing meal right as I got into Las Vegas. Always good to eat off the strip.   The meats were perfectly marinated and good cuts. Cooked at the right temperature the meat tastes were tender and flavorful.  Order the salt and sesame oil as a side!  The bulgogi bibimbap was exactly what I was looking for. We ordered the Gangam for two and extra left over. It was the best deal!  The oysters, calamari apps and sides were just that sides.   You come to a Korean BBQ house for the meat and that was phenomenal.
466	0	Our stay here was okay. We ordered a double queen suite, but somehow got a regular double queen room instead. That really sucked and there was nothing they can do about it.  Our bedsheets had either blood or feces stains on it, I was so disgusted and just off that sheet. I was too tired to complain even more to the front desk people and disappointed already from our room. The shower took some time to get hot water at night time.  Our mini fridge was missing a beverage before we got in our room, but when we checked out we informed them that so they wouldn't charge us.  We stayed on the floor that didn't allow smoking and had better air flow, minerals in our shower or something like that lol, "stay well" floor.  We went to the pool party, wet republic, downstairs one day and my BF stepped on glass out there, there's not supposed to be any glass out there and it's pretty serious for him cuz he's a diabetic. They got him cleaned up, but it kind of hurt his foot all day.  The night club Hakkasan was alright, we went on a Friday night and the crowd there was ehhh. I encountered a lot of rude drunk people that I tried my best not to fight lol. $20 for a glass of lemon vodka. I should have brought my flask since they didn't check the girls' purses. It was pretty crowded, but there's different floors too.   Overall, the hotel was nice. It's in a good location on the strip. I'll probably try a different hotel next time I go.
1964	0	Stayed here on Sunday July 24th. I come to Vegas quite often and I've stayed at numerous hotels on the strip including Planet Hollywood, The Venetian, Treasure Island, The Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Bally's, Caesar's and some off the strip and downtown.   I expected so much more from The MGM given that they're supposed to be one of the top properties on the strip.   Of all my Vegas visits I have never experienced a more horrendous check in process. We waited over an hour to check into the hotel! The line was so long that the hotel was giving out free alcoholic drinks! It was a mess! They charge for parking now as well. If you're going to charge people all this money, the least you could do is make it more convenient for them! We were also unable to check out from the TV and waited over 20 minutes to try to check out via phone so we had to again wait in line to check out!   The hotel itself is nice, the rooms are spacious, I loved the bathrooms. The pools were very kid and adult friendly.   However, I will never stay here again because it does not seem like they have their stuff figured out when it comes to customer service.
1311	1	First time having a Croque Madame so don't have anything to compare it too but it was delicious! The bread used is so dang tasty!  Also, they forgot to bring us bread so we dipped the fries in the jelly they brought us and it was a very delicious combo- sweet and salty. Mmmm  The Brioche was a little too rich and sweet for our taste but it didn't prevent us from cleaning our plates :)
1262	0	I should've checked Yelp instead of listening to all the hype. While on vacation there were a few places my friends and I had heard about quite often and wanted to check out - Pink's was one of them. Located right in our hotel, we figured it'd be one of the better places to eat during our trip, but ... not so much.  Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by all the good food here in San Francisco, but Pink's didn't strike me as anything special. Most of the items seemed to be pretty similar, mostly consisting of chili, bacon, onions, cheese, and other meats; not a ton of variety overall. Though I have to say, the portions-to-price ratio was pretty good - you get a gigantic, filling meal for about $10 or so, and unless you have a monstrous appetite you won't need a second hot dog.  As for the food itself? Average. Even though most of my friends and I were feeling ravenous I think only one out of nine of us managed to finish, and it wasn't really because of how filling the hot dogs were. Sure, they're packed to the brim with condiments and other things, but it's mostly standard fare. I actually felt kind of sick and bloated for a few hours afterward, and I certainly didn't feel like finishing the leftovers after looking at it later than day.  Unfortunately for people thinking they'll get to sit indoors and have a hot dog in an AC-dominated environment, the only seating is outdoors in the hot, hot Vegas sun, with only a few tables sitting underneath a bit of shade. It's a pretty small location, so if it's crowded you might just want to bring everything back to your room instead. It'll be less messy that way anyway.  Overall I don't think Pink's met the hype at all. Perhaps because the original is in Los Angeles and not in Vegas, and in addition I've had better hot dogs at local joints (sorry!). It's probably worth a stop if you're in Vegas, but don't go there expecting the best hot dog you've ever had. You'll only set yourself up for disappointment in the end.
1138	1	Ugh this place is so good. I'm somewhat glad this place is 4+ hours away since I would just get fat going here.  Service Super attentive ! Water was always filled and I didn't have to raise my hand for too long if I needed something. Bae and I came here without a reservation on a Saturday (they only serve dinner at 5:30pm on weekends) and sat in a line for maybe 8min at most.  Food - garlic prawns.  What is there to say ? Incredibly flavorful, buttery and garlicky and I don't even know what else I'm eating but I just know my tongue is super happy. Bae and I got maybe 8 prawns and we still had leftovers - boat noodle soup (combination beef noodle soup/#109) Holy this is prolly my fav thing here other than the prawns. So incredibly flavorful and it almost makes me cry from whatever flavors my tongue is experiencing. Kicks my hometown Thai place's boat noodle soup out of the water. Honestly this doesn't even need the vermicelli noodles. If you get this with the beef and the bean sprouts, in combination with the amazing broth, you won't even miss the noodles. Get this. - khao soi Egg noodles in a light curry sauce with beef topped with crispy egg noodles. This was a tad hair shorter in the flavor department compared to the boat noodle soup, but with a squeeze of lime, it elevated the flavor tenfold. Pretty good, kind of a small portion. - nam kao tod (crispy fried rice) If you're looking for a flavor explosion with a bit of a crunch, I'd recommend this. Filled with crispy rice (how do they do it...), peanuts, a healthy dose of lime, sour pork sausage, red onions, I'm sure fish sauce, peanuts and other stuff, this is a party in your mouth. Compared to Vientiane (garden grove), this place stands it's ground for crispy rice. Bae kept looking up and pondering how this made his tastebuds flip. - mango sticky rice I love sticky rice and bae has never had mango sticky rice, so this was perfect. The rice seemed a little hard (chewier) than other ones I had, but it also had a fragrant jasmine taste to it. The mangoes were the small ones and it was an ample amount. Sweet and yummy, bae ate the whole thing.
750	1	There was a short wait when we came on a Saturday around 2pm. It was only 10-15mins so it was not too bad. I wanted to order from the lunch menu but they don't have that option for weekends. However, they have the happy hour menu from 3-6pm, look good but I already over ordered from the regular menu. Onto the food, we got harami miso, Korean prime Kali, spicy tuna kimbap, fried calamari, bibimbap, and spicy tofu soup. Imo, everything was good, except the tofu soup. The meat cut was high quality, so tender and well seasoned. The appetizers are fried perfectly. Bibimbap was good, but at $12.99, i think I rather get another meat dish instead. The soup was just so so, not memorable.  The service was okay, no smile when greetings, but otherwise attentive. I would definitely visit again, with a reservation, since I don't like to wait an hour wait for any food.
1921	1	*Gordon Ramsay fangirl alert*  I've been itching to try this place for a very long time, and it didn't disappoint!  I was told that the Farm Burger was the best, and after reading the description for myself and seeing that this burger involves duck bacon and a fried egg, I was sold. That was one darn good burger!  We didn't get any fries, and instead opted for the milkshake. NO REGRETS! (and I love me some fries...)  The creme brulee milkshake was heavenly! We also got the Oreo and Banana Shakes... they were both good, but my favorite, hands down, is the Creme Brulee milkshake! Get it, you won't regret it!  So switch out the fries for shakes, if you need to make a choice.  Service was great. Our server was cool, but I don't understand why they just leave their iPad menus on the table after taking an order. It was a little stressful with a toddler at the table, because we were afraid he would order something accidentally.  Aside from that, all was good! I would love to come back!
175	0	So my family went to Vegas to celebrate my daughter's birthday. Of course this is the perfect place to sing to her. I'm willing to spend $200-$300 for our family. We came in and it was 100 degree outside, we were all tired and hungry.  Then this family came and cut in, this lady ( the mom) cut in with a straight face and didn't even care cause she knows she's doing it on purpose. My husband told her husband we were in line but I said to him it's ok cause they were only party of 3 and we have 6 in our group anyway. Then I told my husband, "just be grateful your not married to that kind of woman." And the husband heard, the husband and her kid was embarrassed by that woman's attitude. People, don't embarrass your family just for a table! Anyway, so we got our table....our waitress asked what we want for a drink, I gave her our order and I said that's all and I said "That's all"....and she said, "that's all you are going to order". And I'm thinking for a drink "yes". She left and I saw her whispering to another waitress, and I'm like..... hmmmm???? Then I came close To her register and asked to sing for my daughter, so she said to order a desert, so I did and she  brought the sundae with a candle and DIDN'T even sing to my daughter.... She just left it on our table. So we just sang to my daughter, just us!!!! How RUDE!!!! Our waitress is this black lady, that looks like a unemployed stripper/semi retired prostitute. And she's also too slow!!! Then we were waiting to order, looking at their yummy looking food. And we can't understand why she's taking too long to come back. After 30 minutes she came back with a receipt!!!! WTF!!!!! There's six of us and we only ordered drinks and you thought that's all we're ordering!!!! Dumb waitress!!!! We're celebrating my daughter's birthday!!! Anyway we were so pissed that we just decided to leave. This place is understaff..... their sundae are too sweet, the frozen chocolate drink that everyone is talking about is too grainy. YuKkk!!! And they have one dumb black waitress that needs training. I can't believe I didn't check her name. The other waitress seem nice and faster. But she's just too slow and obviously this place is under staff. They overcharge people and their understaff. Ridiculous!!!! Never will I come to this place again!
1475	1	I've been aspiring to have a dining experience in one of Chef Thomas Keller's "a must dine-in" resto which is the French Laundry in Nappa Valley. I know how tough it is to make a reservation there. For now, I just have to wait and find a very special occasion for that.   Apparently, during a week-end rendezvous with my family in Las Vegas- Venetian, a fine looking Resto near the hotel's lift caught my eyes. Little did I know that it's proprietor is D' Chef Keller, my role model, per se.   Enthusiastically, called in Bouchon and made a reservation and tried it for Brunch. I believed this place really gets packed during lunch. Perhaps, it got something to do with the Menu prices compared to their Dinner Menu that could cost you I would say an average of $70plus pp w/o wine and the full enjoyment of a full classic French Course.   The place for me looks very conventional, not too much frills. It has its own character of simplicity especially the way the dining tables are being draped with white paper linen, maybe only during lunch, I hope.   As far as my food reviews: - Beignets du jour (2 pcs. mini Raspberry doughnuts) - Florentine Quiche (classic French Tart with savory custard filling) - Chicken Waffles (Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle, Tahitian         vanilla bean butter & sauce Chasseur) - Steak Frites (pan seared prime flat iron served with maitre d'hotel butter  Honestly, I wasn't really thrilled on my menu selections because I did not    get a chance to challenge my palate for a real epicurean treat but I was thinking of my 14 month old grandbaby girl's appetite and not mine. It was indeed a dazzling treat for my picky eater baby. She loves the steak and I can tell why. It was perfectly cooked medium and seasoned well. It was a simple food that is carefully prepared. In France this would be called "la cuisine grand mere". The service is impeccable. I'll definitely would like to explore their Dinner Menu on my next Venetian visit that is without my grandbaby in tow.
777	1	LOVE this place.  Not only is it in my favorite Las Vegas hotel, The Cosmopolitan - but it exhudes that feeling of farmhouse crossed with Americanized swagger.  Walking in to a big cow at the front entry - you KNOW there is going to be some serious beef/meat here.  The menu is full of extremely inviting options.... right from the start.  You sit down to popcorn out of a tin, while choosing what to drink.  How a person can NOT have a milshake is beyond me.  And no, not for dessert.. but to start :)  Whether bam boozled or regular you cannot go wrong.  Remember all bam boozled shakes you can get without the liquor mostly, for 3 bucks less.  So.... even if you don't want the alcohol OR are still drunk from the daily festivities Vegas has to offer... you MUST get a shake.  Tiramisu, Vanilla, Drunken Monkey, Birthday Cake... grasshopper... all YUM!    Next is to decide on the main.  The salads are huge.  Everything is really.  The burgers are large and so so fresh.  Meat piled high on a fresh bun... with so many tasty toppings.  The steakhouse burger is amazing... although I could stand a few less black peppercorns.  The classic burger is even an smooth choice.  If you want a mountain of meat on a bun, they have that too.  OR if you are looking for something without beef... I guess that option is also available.  I don't think there would be a bad option - and I love finding out :)  The fries are okay... the sweet potato fries are better..  You can watch TV while in there... you'll get great service... and you surely won't be disappointed.  And truly the prices aren't THAT extreme considering you're in The Cosmo on the Strip in Las Vegas!
1151	1	the best thai food in las vegas!   you would never guess that the best thai food in vegas is in some nondescript crappy strip mall a few miles off the strip but it is.  be prepared to wait...I dont know that they do reservations but its worth it.  the food is excellent and is quite reasonable especially when you compare it to comparable quality restaurants in the major casinos!
1826	1	Honestly, I didn't expect much from the generic name, but I was blown away after the first bite. You can taste the difference and can tell they put a lot of love into preparing their burger. Very high quality ingredients and they even serve beer to boot! I'm sold.!
64	1	This is the first of 3 reviews I will hopefully post for Thomas Keller's Restaurants.  While probably the least popular of his culinary trifecta of Bouchon (vegas & yountville), French Laundry, and Per Se, starting off with this restaurant is nothing to be ashamed of.  If you scroll down to Seth W.'s review, I was also in his party of 12 that drank the absinthe and easily had one of the best dining experiences of my life, with good food, good drink, and excellent company.    The first thing that showed me this is a quality restaurant was the excellent, attentive wait staff.  Starting off with a very knowledgeable waiter (who else can explain why castrated chicken is more tasty and juicy?), to a well-versed sommelier who taught us the history of absinthe, we were taken care of through the entirety of our meal.  We started off with an amuse bouche of salmon spread with salmon cooked a few different ways (smoked, pureed, etc.).  Had I known about this, I probably wouldn't have ordered the salmon tartare appetizer, as this tasted a little bit better.  The consistency was such that you could take a butter knife and spread it across the biscuit.  The salmon tartare starter had a similar taste, except it was surrounded by bits of hard boiled egg.  I can't say that it did or didn't complement the tartare well, but the amuse bouche was definitely better tasting without any extraneous tastes that the egg brought.  Never fear though, as I'm confident that I got the best main course of the table.  The Epaule de Porc is a braised pork shoulder with glazed root vegetables, celeriac remoulade & pork jus (quoted from the menu).  In everyday speak, this is the most tender pork that exists.  Saying that it melts in your mouth is an understatement.  Think about a warm tasty porky marshmallow that gives you feelings of the first time you made love, but not as short lasting.  That's about as close as I can put into words to describe this amazing dish.  Putting it in perspective, having this kind of amazing meal for under $100 in Vegas (not to mention in the Venetian) is quite a steal.
917	1	[edit-- after subsequent trips back to this place and realizing that the cravings for bachi burger are never ending, I have bumped the rating from a 4 up to a 5. This place is one of a kind.]  This is not your typical burger. If you are craving a cut and dry, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles on a salted angus patty with a slice of American cheese, go elsewhere. If you are a little more open minded and crave the satisfying structure of a burger with a new and unique spin, come on down to Bachi burger.  The wait wasn't too long for the two of us. My girlfriend ordered the Kiki burger and I the Kalbi burger. We shared some parmesean truffle fries which were ultra tasty and came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was perhaps one of the finest sauces I have ever tasted. They were cut thin like average fries but far from average in taste and quality. The burgers themselves arrived 15-20 minutes after ordering and were cooked medium rare as requested. The kiki burger featured sweet caramelized onions and three different kinds of asian mushrooms. My Kalbi burger came with a sweet korean bbq marinade, green onions and enough kimchi to give it a noticeable kick. It was blissful. The meat was juicy and plentiful, the marinade was not excessive or overpowering (although it did drip all over my hands and face) and the balance of the sweet with the spicy kimchi simply turned out to be a winning combination. I'm a man with a respectable appetite and upon finishing the burger and fries was thoroughly stuffed. I had the green tea to drink on the side.  We didn't try deserts or appetizers but we'll definitely be making a trip back here to see what other goodies this place has to offer. The bottom line is that Bachi burger offers a unique, Asian spin on the classic American burger with delicious results. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for a burger that is anything but fast food in quality. Burger fans and foodies alike-- you simply have to try it.
1424	0	I probably wouldn't go back here. You are seated by a hostess and you are free to get your own beverages and go get food at the Buffett. Your buser will disappear and you'll have plates piled at your table.   We got here just before the lunch cut off and stayed for the crab legs and other dinner goodies. Most things tasted over salted and looked quite old.
1680	0	I've alway wanted to try this since my friend told me about it ever since it opened. She recommend me the hot frozen sundae. She said its supposed to be hot but it's cold because of the ice cream and the hot chocolate. She couldn't really describe it to me until I try it.   So now I took my friend here since it was her birthday. Our service was nice but I could have better service at Ihop. We ordered just the appetizers and the hot frozen sundae. Few minutes later he gave us our desserts before our food came. We ask him we wanted the desserts last after our meal. So he took it back. The place wasn't busy as I thought it would be. When our meal came. The nachos and the onion ring was good. As I said I could have better. When we were done with the meal, our desserts came and when we tried it. It wasn't hot as they describe it to be. It was very disappointment. After it was recommend. I won't wanna go back here again.
386	0	Not much to say other than the food was terrible. My hamburger was the driest hamburger I have ever eaten and it gave me a stomach ache. My friend ordered the Mac n' cheese and she immediately got food poisoning. Needless to say our trip to Vegas to celebrate her birthday didn't go as planned after she got sick from the food. As a result we didn't even try the dessert, which we were excited for. The service was okay but not enough to give this place more than a one star rating.
1211	0	Nothing special.  Just like other mentioned, they are like Denny's happened to be at the Bellagio.  If you are Denny's kind of person, this is a place for you but be ready to pay Bellagio price.   They prioritize seating for Mlife members but not for the hotel guests.  You will be asked to be in the same line with bunch of other random tourists just visiting for the conservatory.  Noisy!!  You are expected to get fed and go.   If you are staying at Bellagio, go to the Pool cafe which only opens for the hotel guests.  They are soooo much better than this Denny's.
236	0	Honetly I came here at 3 in the morning (its a 24 hour location) and the line was ridiculous. Nothing but drunk people screaming at the workers and women with barely any clothes on walking around. I really felt as if I was in a nasty club with really bad lighting.   It took almost an hour to get my food, the workers looked tired, overworked, and unappreciated. I felt so bad people were yelling at them cursing them out saying mean things to them, It was really bad.   On top of that, I ordered the chicken rings and try were extremely dry and hard. The shake was about 7 dollars and not great. Overall I wont be coming back, but I hope that the people that work here can get a nice vacation some day because what they go through is atrocious.
1384	1	Was looking for some good American barbecue but stumbled upon this on yelp instead. The boyfriend loves Korean barbecue so so we decided to try it.  We didn't realize it was one of those places where you cook your own food at a grill and your table. It was such a pleasant surprise. The food was great, staff was friendly, place is clean and not too expensive. A fun and tasty experience!
561	0	Never have I been so dissatisfied with a dining establishment. The only thing more awful than the food, was my server, Lucy. We waited for 30 minutes to be sat (which I was fine with), THEN we waited about 45 minutes for tacos that tasted like they we're fresh  out of the microwave.  Twice, I had to get up to find my server so I could order drinks & both times she seemed like she was bothered. (Do your job girl, then your customers won't have to). I am usually not a tough critic when it comes to resteraunts, or service but senior frogs deserves ZERO stars. The only reason I am even giving them one star is because there is a nice view of the strip outside. Five thumbs down for seor frogs.
217	0	Never again. We had two free vouchers so we went for lunch and I'm so glad that I didn't have to pay for this meal. They had seafood, Asian, Indian, Mediterranean, and different meats as well as a variety of desserts.  We tried a little of almost everything and our tastebuds were bored at best.    I would not come back to this buffet unless it was free again.
1338	0	Must be a nostalgia thing. The wife always wanted to try one as she had family who loved these. Neither one of us can figure what the draw is. Not real burger tasting or anything to make it stand out. If you just want to say you had one then give it a go, at least it's not real pricey.
1477	1	My wife and I visted Vegas for a week long vacation and about half way through we were craving a good down home breakfast. Once we found and ate at The Egg and I, our craving was no more. We loved it so much we went back a couple of days later. The food was great and the service was just as good. If and when we return to Vegas, The Egg and I will be our place for breakfast.
1528	0	Can't think of much good to say about this place.  Don't go for food, and not sure I would recommend the bar either.  There was a smell of rancid trash that would waft out of the kitchen occasionally and the service was poor.    Unless you are a teenager or a college student that just wants to get drunk, avoid this place like the plague.
1244	1	just great freaking pizza! i am from nj and ny and I know pizza. i don't even particularly care for sicilian and theirs is great. They make their own sausage and meatballs. The best pizzas we have had were the meatlovers, the large pepperoni and mushroom, and the CORNER slices of the white sicilain with sausage , peppers and onions. Absolutely heaven no matter what time of day you go. only complaint is that a soda is 4$. its a fountain soda. we got smart and like a nj pizzaria, we bring a 2 liter and sit on the couches outside. so good so damn good! id put it up against L&B spumoni gardens in Brooklyn and Benny Tudinos in Hoboken. has pinball and leaves the par cheese out for you to use.
804	0	Girls hold on to your pocket purses. This is the 2nd time I've been here and a girl I'm with has had something stolen from them. Whether it be a phone or a credit card. Security did nothing, the hell can they do besides stand there and look "pretty"? Nice area but I wouldn't call it safe regardless of how many dudes you see with suits. They're there for show. Maybe they're letting too many shady dudes in for free on slow nights. And in case you're wondering, these were straight pick-pocketing cases. I wouldn't call it negligence. Thank you Vegas, I guess I'm just a small percentage of your shitty cases. Anthony Delgado the "manager" and Jeff shepherd did nothing to help the situation but blame us.
521	0	We tried 4 different dogs and they were ok at best. The buns weren't super fresh and the dogs themselves didn't taste great. The dogs were covered with toppings which probably helped to hide the bad taste of the dogs. But they had a wide selection and various types of hot dogs and sausages to pick from.
494	0	There isn't really much to say about this place because I didn't enjoy it that much...but I don't really enjoy any buffets outside of vegas and for the price you paid I guess you get that 2 stars. Regardless...you wait in a long line(I'm assuming due to it's cheap price) and you can get a drink...I prefer you not to get a drink because you don't even get to refill it yourself and it's like 1.99 which is alright but flagging down your "waiter/waitress"just to get you another drink is kinda missing the point of Buffet? Anyway I'm not entirely sure on the drinks price but I think my friend paid around $11 for his lunch and soft drink so sounds about right.  Regardless I don't find any of the dishes memorable as they all tasted either too bland or too salty. I honestly don't know if i can really complain about it cause you shouldn't expect much but yea. The memorable part for me is that dessert you get to have cookies and cream, pecan, and 2 other flavors of ice cream and it's unlimited so that's something to look forward to even though it's not the best ice cream you'll ever taste but it certainly beats having only vanilla and chocolate ice cream all the time.  Anyway...my tastebud is spoiled so you can give it a try if you want but I don't see myself coming to this buffet any time soon.
1683	0	Zero stars, ya digggg. 1 star because i had to. This place is the shitter hole. I tried 2 other LV Buffets, and take my advice: GO STRAIGHT TO the Wicked Spoon Buffet at The Cosmopolitan. Best gosh darn food, ginormous selections, and great service. All the sites say it's the best, and hands down, it is.   Mandalay Bayside Buffet had the worst crap to eat + shittt service. So bad that we asked to talk to the manager, and she didnt do anything about our experience. NO one cleared our tables the whole hour we were there. When we walked personally to get the managers attention, she was snooty towards us. SAYONARA MAH DUDES won't be giving you a 2nd chance because of your uncaring restaurant presence. So many other choices, you should be on top of your game.   Waste of my hard earned Vegas money.
1167	1	So I show up to grab a burger from BURGR, of course the line was about an hour wait, but when the hostess saw me she said I can go straight to the bar so good eye for that. The bar was packed but no worries. I ordered a Black Magic and sat down Lala has the perfect pour and with 30 beers on tap you can't go wrong.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and parm truffle fries both were on point, I am certain this will become a favorite spot for me.
1631	0	first time here was a year ago. went with 2 of my friends, and we ended up going to their walk-up counter because the wait for an inside table was about an hour. we ordered small frozen hot chocolate.   i must say - i wasnt really impressed. it tasted like a chocolate shake with sprinkles. maybe its better if you go inside to order it? i dont know...  second time i met some friends in town. they were eating dinner (i didnt eat because i just ate). everything looked really good and portions were pretty decent as well.   third time we went in was a few weeks ago with my sister and some friends back home. ordered a frozen hot chocolate and a frozen white hot chocolate. i couldnt remember how big they were or how "eh" they were, but my sisters never been and we were already there. my sister ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two because her and her boyfriend were gonna share it. and it was waaaaaaaaaaay too much frozen hot chocolate! and as rich as it is, you really dont need anymore than a small.   service was alright - the cashier there was a little slow at ringing in orders/putting the tickets up on the rail. and it seemed they were short staffed or something because the girl making the drinks seemed overwhelmed the whole time we were there. agian, maybe the hype was built up so much i expected a lot?  maybe i'll come back, stick out the wait and eat inside?
865	0	I found out WHERE NOT TO STAY in Vegas.  I expect a mistake or two and don't usually complain about anything minor but the Riviera Hotel seems to be the epitome of incompetence in the service industry.   First off, we booked a Deluxe Room with two double beds, since it was just me and my grown daughter. We had to wait in a long check-in line and the desk clerk told us and wrote down the wrong room number, so our keys didn't work.  The Bellman came up with our luggage and had to call downstairs to find out what was going on. We were supposed to have a room a few doors down. He let us in but we had to go back down 19 floors to the bell desk to get the right keys. I thought to myself, well if this is the worst thing that happens that's not too bad, even though I didn't see why they didn't bring up the keys themselves since they had screwed up.  We came here on a few days where there was record breaking heat for February.  The pool was closed the entire 3 days we were there but still got charged a $17.00 a night "Resort Fee". People were laying out in the sun in bathing suits but no one could go in the pool.  The first 24 hours:  The Deluxe two double bed room would've been fine. It wasn't too spacious, wasn't too small.  But nothing in the room worked.  I couldn't program the safe, it kept giving me an error code. I had to call security up to fix it. I have never had any problems in other hotels I've stayed with safes. Had to wait for security to fix it.  I noticed it was hot in the room and went to turn the a/c on. I saw a wrench icon blinking. The a/c was not working, had to call maintenance and have them fix it.  The TV remote didn't work most of the time, couldn't see if it needed new batteries, it was completely sealed. It would only work if you were standing about a foot away from the TV, so you couldn't even use it from the beds that it was right in front of.  Even in front of the TV the remote wouldn't work sometimes.  The WIFI only had 4 bars and would cut you off or wouldn't connect at all.  The shower drain was clogged. had to call maintenance again to unclog it.  Called the front desk to complain, They said they would upgrade us to a Deluxe One bedroom suite with two beds for free and it would be ready by 1:30 pm.  The Riviera had told me they guarantee all their rooms to be ready by 4 pm, but we spent nearly the whole day until after 4 pm waiting for the room to be "cleaned". We were starving and had to leave to eat once.  2nd & 3rd days:  Suite was nice and spacious. WIFI was non-existent, even though it showed 4 to 5 bars. One bedside lamp didn't work and curtain puller was broken. View was of the side of hotel and Circus Circus.  We had a DO NOT DISTURB sign on our door yet someone still knocked the next morning. TWICE.  We were leaving around 1 or 2 pm for the day and I called and specifically asked for maid service while we were gone.  I called Housekeeping directly, told them we would be gone but would like maid service. They said someone would be right over.  I left a tip in the gratuity envelope for the maid and placed it on the bar.  When we came back later that evening, the room hadn't been touched. Beds unmade, trash not emptied, etc.  I took the gratuity back out of the envelope and left a note that said basically "I called housekeeping and no one ever showed up so no tip for you".   One of the toilets kept running in the suite. I just got up and jiggled the handle, because it was loud. This happened a few times.  The night before we were going to leave, the safe we had been using with no problems for 2 days suddenly decided to throw up an error code with our valuables locked inside.  I had to wait for security to come up and bypass it again.  The valet and the bellmen were all nice. They received tips.  The lady at the fast food Mexican restaurant downstairs looked angry at the world and the food wasn't that great.  Wicked Vicky's was ok but too expensive for what you got.  On the day of checkout, I called the Bell Desk for help with our luggage and the bellman told me there was no one to check us out at the front desk. So I checked out over the TV system, and it said an e-mail would be sent to me. It didn't ask for an e-mail address so I assumed they meant the one they had sent 3 different confirmations to when I made the reservation.  When I returned home there was no e-mail. I called the hotel and they said they sent it to some e-mail that was close to mine but it was not right.  How is it they could send me 3 different e-mails before our arrival, yet screw up our e-mail address upon departure? I am wondering now if my credit card will be charged correctly as the charges are still "pending".  I can live with a few inconveniences, I do all the time.  I was sad to be leaving Vegas but happy to leave the Riviera, which is something I have never felt leaving a hotel (or motel) before.  They need some renovation and new management.  Poor service overall. Unapologetic about it too.
1074	0	Rooms are decent and the beds are VERY COMFY! Free access to the pool and amenities when we went.  Downside: Our toilet was spewing like a geyser and we saw a humungo roach crawl across the floor. Called maintenance/front and they acted like we should've expected it....that was after the 3rd call to them. WOW!  Tip: Try the raspberry mojito at the pool bar. The 2 for 1 drink specials are gonna get you snockerbockered!
1216	1	I had been to the Shake Shack in NYC a few years back so I was so excited to see it in Vegas! I thought the staff was very friendly. The shakes are to die for! I recommend the strawberry. The burger tasted very fresh and homemade, which is my favorite. The fries are delicious too. This is a great place to order a meal and sit outside!
1142	0	Good thing we had Groupons for the food and drinks.  They were terribly overpriced.  Besides the pricing, our server was terrible.  She took our food order and then we never saw her again.  We waited 15 minutes after eating to pay.  We had to track down another server to bring us the bill.  She said she would have our server help us.  After waiting 10 minutes, we paid at the bar and left.  Terrible customer service for the outrageously priced items.
1531	1	I was so excited to eat at Gordon Ramsay BurGR, and his name did not disappoint! Amazing, delicious, juicy and innovative shakes, appetizers and desserts. The star of the show are the amazing burgers!  Chanterelle mushroom burger - so delicious and exceeded my expectations! The meat was tender and juicy, and was topped with perfectly cooked chanterelle mushrooms and arugula. The bun was soft and melt in my mouth, just the way I like it.   Honey-pig bao buns - I loved the juicy pork belly and the crunchy cucumber, radish and cilantro. The honey-hoisin sauce was sweet and went perfectly to complete the experience of this amazing appetizer.  Truffle-Parmesan Fries - Delicious truffle and cheesy goodness on each fry. Served with a luscious truffle aioli. Huge portion, one order can definitely be split by two people.   The restaurant is located at a prime location in Planet Hollywood. The flames at the exterior of the entrance is phenomenal and hard to miss. The decor is awesome and futuristic with the cool lights and fun interactive menu at the entrance.  Service is friendly and prompt. We arrived right before the restaurant opened and fortunately were seated right away.   Make sure to get their early if you want to be seated soon. There are no reservations, and often a wait at this popular burger joint.    Overall I really enjoyed Gordon Ramsay BurGR! Food is delicious and the experience is fun. Definitely worth stopping in here for amazing burger goodness while in Vegas.
883	1	Favorite Korean BBQ spot in Vegas! FYI - it's not AYCE, but it ends up coming out to ~$30/person anyway (unless you have a huge appetite) so comparable in price. Quality of meat, variety of offerings, and service are all better than what you receive at AYCE joints. Also nice, central location away from all other Spring Mtn spots. Highly recommended!
500	0	I have several bones to pick with this place.  1) The cashier really talked up the fact that you get free beer and wine with dinner.  Yeah, there are TWO wine choices and just ONE beer. 2) When I did get my beer (which happened to be a Bud Light), the guy at the drink station said that he didn't have limes but that I should ask my server.  I asked my server and the entire buffet did not stock limes.  WHAT KIND OF RESTAURANT DOESN'T HAVE LIMES??? 3) There was a Mexican food station and I got some taquitos (which ended up being crunchy but bland).  I ask the chef behind the neighboring station if they had sour cream or guacamole.  He looked at me as if I had asked him the meaning of life.  He had to call 2 other chefs over to confirm that no, they did not have guacamole (bummer!) and that the sour cream was likely in the salad bar. 4) I asked the lady at the dessert station if she could point me toward some desserts without nuts.  The only ones she pointed to were the sugar free ones.  At the time she was plating some type of chocolate cake and she held one piece of to her face and said "This one probably doesn't have nuts either."  And then she went about her business.  I am so sick of people not finding out for sure or just brushing off the question. I don't ask for fun...I ask because I will literally stop breathing and die if I eat nuts.  They did have some killer garlic mashed potatoes, so it's got that going for it.  Honestly, I love food and I am not that picky, but this place was just not good at all.  Just don't go here.
403	0	One of the biggest disappointments in Las Vegas. The concept mixes Street Asian food and Street Mexican Food. The concept with "To Go" windows on two different sides for both cuisines is clever and I was thrilled to try this place as I love street tacos and I'm a huge fan of Jos Andrs. If he came to this restaurant to eat he would be ashamed to have his namesake on this venue between the less than average food and pathetic service. We ordered a few of the tacos at the window and it took THIRTY MINUTES for four tacos! The restaurant wasn't even busy. If it took street vendors that long ANYWHERE they would be desolate because no one would wait that long for street food! Totally ruins the whole point of ordering street food from a window- if we wanted to wait that long for food we would have sat our butts down in a booth somewhere. After the build up and anticipation from the long wait we were starving. I figured it's Jos Andrs so it will be worth it once we get the food- perhaps even up there with Kogi. Unfortunately, the food was terrible. The tacos were messy to eat, and somehow with all of the sauce and food packed into the taco, it still managed to be terribly bland and there was absolutely no flavor. Hard pass on this place!
1523	1	I had to write an update to my review of Holstein's because it was even better the second time around!  Everything from start to finish was amazing, and we ordered a lot of stuff.  Even the complimentary popcorn tasted great and was not as over saturated with oil as my first visit here.  What really stole the show for me though was the Rising Sun burger.  It was the best thing that I ate in Vegas during my most recent visit, and I am salivating just thinking about it as I write this review.  I also shared sides of sweet potato fries, onion rings, and fried pickles with my wife, and I loved them all.  I was so glad that we came back to eat at Holstein's again when we were in Las Vegas, because it was my favorite meal of our trip.  I can't wait to come back here again soon!
194	0	First off, this hotel is GHETTO!!! I came here to enjoy a juicy burger and check out hot skanks, this was the wrong place to go. The parking structure is insane! its so tiny and awkwardly designed, you can barley drive your car through it! consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking. The elevators from the parking structure to the hotel/casino were semi-working. I got inside the death and it began to shake aggressively, stopped for a few seconds them shook again and proceeded to the main floor. Once inside the casino, it was filled with old white men, JUST men! and a few 60 something year old cocktail waitress'. I got to the restaurant, and to my surprise ALL the Hooters girls looked like something out of the Hills Have Eyes! the only hot waitress i spotted was like 7 months pregnant!.....ew. We ordered our food, 10 min go by....20 min go by....30 MINUTES go by.....ummm where the fuck is my burger? i asked my server what happened to our order, and she says "oh, umm you have to wait, the food always takes a long time" (we ordered a burger and a salad, nothing more!) after 40 minutes, i told her to cancel our order and close our beer tab. She says "ok, BYE" didn't even call a manager over or anything. VERY unprofessional.
336	1	I had to add a star for getting to meet Gordon Ramsay. He was genuinely a nice guy. Had some drinks and split a burger at the bar, it was a fantastic burger. Tender and flavorful. The bar staff is as friendly as the rest of the staff that we have encountered.
1353	0	Boy, do I miss Trader Vic's.  We went back to the location because the outdoor seating is pretty great, thinking how bad could Cabo Wabo be?  I can almost give it 2 stars because the cadillac nachos we ordered were tasty, and almost worth the price (rare in vegas nowadays).  However, the margaritas were absolute crap.  I had the house, and my husband their "house specialty" of the evening - which claimed to be made with a reposado tequila, blue curacao, and grand marnier.  Mine was a teeny bit more drinkable than his, but was basically cheap sour mix in a 14oz. plastic cup filled to the 12oz. mark that didn't appear to have a lick of tequila in it.  C'mon people, I ordered this to actually enjoy the limey tequila flavor, not a gut-rot lime sour drink.  And yes, I did say this was slightly more drinkable than my husbands, cuz he had to finish mine.  And to top it off, those crappy 12oz margs cost us $15 each.  Un-freakin-believable.
411	1	$5.50 for a slice is about expected, Vegas (esp the Cosmo!!) definitely isn't a cheap place to eat, but the crust was nicely made and it definitely hit the spot. $17~ for two slices and two bottles of water, but there was no line when we showed up and the pizza was very good!
397	0	Okay, so I have heard really great and raging reviews of this place and was really hyped to check it out for the first time! I came here with a friend who's been here a numerous amounts of times.  The decor and ambiance of this place was actually fantastic. It reminded me of the bubblegum candy land and a little bit of sexy hip at the same time.   The wait was about 25minutes, not bad for dinner on a weekday, and we were seated promptly inside with a view of the strip. That night we saw Penn & Teller eating dinner on the outside balcony, poor guys couldn't even enjoy their night being bothered by tourists and fans, let the men eat!! **My little highlight for the night!**  For dinner I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad with homemade Garlic Parmesan Croutons that cost almost close to $20 (but it was a huge mixing  bowl portion) While the size might have given you your money's worth, the fish was too fishy and half cooked, the lettuce was drowning in a mayonnaise based Caesar dressing so It was soggy. The only good thing was the Garlic bread/over sized croutons. The disappointment of my night.   After my not-so-appetizing dinner, i was sort of looking forward to a dessert called the Frozen Hot Chocolate, but didn't get the chance to because they ran out of ingredients, so they suggested the hot chocolate sundae. What? isn't it chocolate and ice that you need to make this dessert? Ugh So we opted for the Strawberry Fields Sundae, cheesecake, strawberry ice cream, strawberry topping with whipped cream all for $15.00!!! SERIOUSLY? There was two scoops of ice cream on the bottom of a goblet topped with strawberry compote and LOADS of whip cream. Really is that necessary?   In the end, I made a note to myself that I will never come here again, nor will I suggest this place to anybody. Chili's or Apple-bees in my opinion makes better quality foods at a decent-not-so-overrated price!   Never again.
828	1	Someone told us (my boyfriend and I) to find the Secret Pizza joint at the Cosmopolitan, and that we would LOVE it. And, after 30 minutes of searching for this place, we feel in LOVE with this place! (the alcohol might have helped)   I encourage everyone to adventure/trek/ search for this place. And when you find the place, order the White Pie Pizza - it's to die for!! Yummy yummy in my tummy. We also suggested this "pizza place" to our friend's parents who are of Sicilian decent, and they stated that the white pie pizza reminds them of their family made pizza from Sicily.
437	1	OK... Anytime you stay in Vegas and eat at the same place for breakfast 4 days in a row, it's 5 stars for sure.  We would have gone everyday just for the coffee!  Asked about it and heard it was a "four bean proprietary blend".  Damn good!  The food was just amazing as well as the service.  Between our group we managed to try a lot of the menu although my wife got hung up on the quiche of the day which happened to be Florentine each day.  It was creamy deliciousness.  Also sampled were the sourdough waffles, sausage, bacon, corn beef hash, scrambled and over-easy eggs, french toast.  Every bit of it was absolutely perfect.  I would go back daily if I lived in the Palazzo or Venetian!  Bless you Thomas Keller...
1107	0	This place was a joke, we went there after making a reservation that they would not honor.  After 2 hours in the line, they approved us to get inside.  So was it worth the wait, no way. The place was packed so much that we couldn't even move once we got in.  Got pushed around, one drunk guy even picked a fight with me since we got pushed over him.  The bounders sided the other guy coz it looked like he had paid more money to get a table (can run upwards of 5k on weekends).   All in all, an experience I just want to forget.  There are much better clubs in Vegas, avoid this at all costs.. or rather unless you cough up 5 grand.
1333	0	Only two stars because this place is waaaay over priced if you're coming to eat dinner plus dessert. Ordered onion rings (really good) mini burgers fries and wings and a frozen hot chocolate (bomb diggity). honestly the appetizers we're the only things on the menu I could stomach ordering. AND  these items weren't even good! It was ok food. It's crazy expensive for a single mom of two but the kids thought it looked super cool to try. Which it does. So I said "sure guys"! I'm in the industry and service was just ok. Call me cheap and I know it's Vegas but I would only come back for dessert...OH and $15 for three soft drinks! Ouch :/ if you're coming on a budget save that kinda money for a really good buffet. Just saying...  Yours truly, Cheapie cheaperson :)
1862	0	We went to breakfast here with excitement for the bottomless mimosas. However, the "bottomless" mimosas were only refilled once and that was after having to ask our waitress for another.   We were surprised to see low prices compared to virtually every other restaurant in Vegas. But, when the food came- it became clear why. The food was marginal at best.
677	0	This place is in DESPERATE need of a major makeover. No extra blankets or pillows in the room. The bathroom 'looks' clean but with all the years of grime built up seems dirty. I won't take a bath in the tub because it needs a major scrubbing or to be replaced. Even the shower curtains are dated.  Only enough shampoo for one wash and NO bar soap.  Lamp shades have holes in them. TV is dated, even the programming is from the 80's and 90's.  Hallways are pretty quiet in the evening.  Room service is another area that's needs a major improvement. I ordered one pancake one egg and two milks for $23.80. It was brought to me in a bag in two 'to go' containers. No salt, pepper, or any other condiments, and food was ice cold by the time I got it which was less than 30 minutes from ordering. The room also lacks a table to eat a meal at while looking at the view of the roof.  The guy who brought it up was sketchy and almost wouldn't bring it in the room.  If I wasn't here on business and someone else paying for the room, I would move to another hotel.  All in all this place is a dump.
1067	1	So there is a reason why everyone raves about the beef wellington,  it is so tender, soft and delicious it is my new favorite food.  I took my husband here for his bday and had one of the best dining experiences. The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.  The food was phenomenal,  but you do have to like truffle oil to fully enjoy everything.   I would highly recommend this restaurant.
101	1	Whenever I go to Vegas, I eat at the Burger Bar because of their delicious burgers and exceptional salted caramel shake.  I am even more impressed with the staff and management of the Burger Bar because I hosted my wedding reception of 21 guests there last weekend. I made reservations over a month ago so we didn't have long to wait. They arranged tables through the center of the restaurant because they don't have a private room.The service was excellent (I think the server's name was Gina) and our food arrived quickly and perfectly prepared. Thank you Burger Bar!
702	1	One of the best Thai restaurants in the USA and I've been to Thailand for 3 weeks and to some of the top Thai populated places in America (NYC, SF, LA, etc).  Lotus of Siam's flavors and prices are just greatness. Don't get the usual boring pad thai and chicken satays, go for the unique dishes like spicy red duck curry, coconut shrimp specialties, and any of the house specials. Everything is great.  It's only a few min, very short cab ride from the city, you could technically even walk there if you're near Spring Mountain. Yum!
1130	0	One word - horrible!!!!    But I should start on a positive. The salad was neat. They make it for you. But have weird asst of fixings and way too much salad dressing. They did have a grilled cauliflower that was yummy. And the pizza was great but not worth $30. Nathan said the prime rib and ribs were yummy and went back for seconds. Of course his last meal was chicken nuggets at noon at the airport.   Honestly there was no food here that I liked. The soups are weird colors and look canned and sitting way too long. The sushi was horrible. Dried out. Don't make so much if folks aren't eating it. The pot stickers were greasy. The vegetable spring roll was mostly roll with a few slivers of cabbage and on of carrot.  The potato augratin which is usually hard to pass up couldn't be cut up with a fork.  Overall YUCK!!!  Save your money.
1527	0	For the two times I've been here, I can't argue with the experience. For a Thursday night, it's not too shabby. You can't really complain when you're a packed club with open bar for the ladies and complimentary drink tickets left and right, right?   Funny anecdote: We almost accidentally got kicked out because they thought two of us were too drunk to be in the club when actually, they were looking for our other friend. We almost got escorted out some weird back-alley looking staircase leading who knows where.  It's never a bad experience, but I haven't woken up the next morning and been like, "DAMN that was DAMN good night!  It's always more like, "That was cool. Yeah, pretty fun. Free drinks though."
1225	0	my girlfriends and i got on their guestlist so we were lucky for that because we didnt have to pay the cover. i would have been pretty pissed if i had to pay because i was not pleased. we went there on a friday night. it was PACKED. the dance floor was ridiculous. there was no room to move or to even get across. the only movement was people trying to get in and out of the dance floor. the music was good but we were sad we couldnt even dance to it because there was no room! drinks are expensive so preparty beforehand! haha we left and went club hopping to see what else we could find...
200	0	This place was horrible !!!   Please never go there It is a scam!! Overpriced and server Rio was extremely rude when I questioned about our receipt! He overcharged us, I came here with my family to enjoy spring break and made this awful choice to come here !!! Will never forgive myself for wasting money on this disgusting place
1361	1	I vacillated between four and five stars for this place due to the fact that when I hold it up to all of the restaurant experiences and food I have had, it fits more into a four star but when I compare it to other Vegas dining experiences, it is a clear five so five it is!  Basically, it is just a really nice place with a great menu, superb service, and delicious food.  We started with oysters on the half shell which were excellently shucked and wonderfully fresh. Moved to two salads, one with blue cheese and walnuts, the other with warm goat cheese over dressed greens which were both executed well and were complimented with fresh chewy delicious bread.   For entrees, my husband had the lamb and I had the chicken. We also opted for sides of mushrooms and mac and cheese. Everything was excellent however the mushrooms were over salted. Considering this wasn't a theme in the meal, I won't hold it against them.   All of this was accompanied with a nice and inexpensive bottle of white wine which was served and presented as if it was a $300 bottle. That kind of service is always an indicator of a well run restaurant and an attentive staff. Overall cost of the meal was expensive but very, very fairly priced for when we got.   After visiting a wide array of places in Vegas, I would recommend this place as a must!
1493	0	My husband and I decided to try "Cabo Wabo Cantina" on one of our nights out while in Vegas. We were highly disappointed. When we arrived I got a great glimpse at the hostess breasts. I am about to eat, WITH my husband now that is just disgusting! She was wearing half of a WHITE tank top, I could see her boobs completely except fro her nipple truly. It was just extremely unpleasant to begin with, at that moment we should have left, but we did not. A male hostess sat us, ignored me the whole time walked to the stable but had a full conversation with my husband, OK. We sat down, our waiter came by 5 minutes later, we asked for water and my husband ordered a Toasted Colada ($14), he said was ok. 75% ice. We also ordered our food, my husband got some Ceviche appetizer and I got Hot & Spicy Wings which I did not know came with a side of potato. The food was good, the service sucked. Besides taking our order, brining us our food, and our check we got NO SERVICE outside from that. Even if the food had been great, it was OK and the drink amazing, it was not. We would still never ever return to this place, and now when we return to Vegas we never will. The service was by far the worst I have ever gotten in Vegas. Super disappointed. The waiter had the audacity to circle the receipt what we should tip her. HAHA, seriously? My Tip was "Check on your tables". ! That's the BEST tip I am sure she has ever gotten. Recommend, NO Way! Go somewhere else!
1847	1	Thomas Keller can do no wrong.  Everything I tried for brunch was uhhhmazing! It is located on the 10th floor of the Venezia tower so you get a mini-view if you get a seat near the window.  The Croque Madame had the perfect salty bite.  You get a ham and cheese sandwich, toasted and buttered to perfect.  To top it off you get a sunny-side up egg. Calories-Smalories. You cannot skimp on this greatness.  Break into the yolk and ZOMG... sauce to moisten the sandwich and to mix in with the sauce that reminds me of hollandaise.  Comes with a side of fries but you can ask for potatoes or fruit.  The sandwich is somewhat heavy so the size is perfect for a brunch meal.  The Sourdough Waffle was also amazing.  You don't need to extra syrup or butter because the waffle is by itself sweet enough.  It is topped with pecans and apples so it feels like you are eating a pie instead of a waffle.  The sourdough flavor is light but only if you nibble the edges of the waffle that is not topped with the sauce.  Raspberry filled beignets were also a great appetizer.  The waffle was light and pretty crumbly.  The raspberry jam was not overly sweet so the sugar coating makes it a bit that isn't overpowering.  I loved the feel of this restaurant in addition to the service and the coffee.  Yes, the coffee.  I don't know what coffee they brew but it wasn't sour tasting and I kept wanting refills. A must try when you are in Vegas and looking for a superb brunch location.
126	0	I recently made a huge mistake and stayed four nights at the LV Hilton. I used some of my HiltonHonors points for the stay. The room I was in was nothing like the website pics reflected. It was absolutely filthy. One of the light fixtures was broken. There was an upholstered chair in the room that had some white stuff running down the front that had dried. (You guess on that one)   The bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept on. It felt like metal springs with a thin skin of fabric wrapped around them.   Most of the restaurants have closed up. The Italian restaurant was only open fri and sat night. The coffee shop closes from 2-5 pm daily.  If you have a late lunch at this hotel, you will eat off of plastic.   The casino floor is filthy and desperate need of renovation. The pool area was dirty and in need of a few plants.  It is hot and windy and not very pleasant.   I will never stay at this hotel and would not recommend it. I have sent a letter to HiltonHonors requesting my points be refunded.  No matter how good the deal is they offer, don't stay here.  You will not be pleased.  After four nights here I checked out and was able to get a nice room at the Palazzo for the remainder of the week.
1483	1	This is how it should be done.  I have eaten at several Thomas Keller establishments around the country, and while in Vegas for a convention, I decided to escape the endless corporate buffets I had been subsiding on all week and seek out something a little more satiating.  I managed to con one of my co-workers into coming with me; she was very pregnant at the time.  I was a little bit concerned as it has been my experience in many Las Vegas 'clone' haute cuisine restaurants that the price is certainly high, the food is passable, and the service can be abysmal.  The restaurant is in the Venetian, and is a beautiful recreation of a French Bistro.  Black and white tile floors and nice display cases show off the pastries and the fruits de mer.  We were seated immediately and were engaged by the server in very short order.  He was fantastic, I wish I could remember his name, but he was truly passionate about the food and very knowledgeable.  He was very quick to supply my colleague with some fresh bread of her choosing to satisfy her needs.  He also was well-versed in wines and was able to explain menu items to my dining companion, who was a fine-dining novice, in terms that did not intimidate or patronize her.  My first course was the charcuterie plate, which was fantastic.  A very healthy portion of a number of fresh, house-made sausages and confit with some amazing pickles and spreads.  They were also generous with the mini-baguettes, I hate it when charcuterie plates are stingy with bread.  For the second course, I went with the waiter's recommendation of a platter of a half-dozen or so oysters, again, very great suggestions and very fresh.  For my main course, I had the short ribs, which evaporated into rich, meaty love in my mouth.  The waiter paired up a fantastic red to go along with it, played off the marrow perfectly.  One of the best servings of short ribs I've ever had, including my own, which I can make pretty damn well.  For dessert, we had a selection of pastries, among them profiteroles, which were perfect with the very fresh dark coffee they served me with it.  The waiter was kind enough to call an ambulance which whisked me away after I entered a post-dinner food coma.  A fantastic meal, with fantastic service - I don't hand out fives frequently, but am proud to give this establishment that honor.
183	1	My server Alyssa was amazing. Very kind, always had a smile on her face and made sure everything was good with us. Also her manager Marc was amazing and making sure we enjoyed our service. I will definitely be returning and telling my friends about the wonderful service and food.
675	1	The experience at Gordon Ramsay Steak was amazing! We had a 6pm reservation and were seated right away. Matthew (our waiter) was extremely knowledgeable of the entire menu and went out of the way to our experience was unforgettable. The service was the best we've had in Vegas!! The Wellington did not disappoint and the mac & cheese was amazing!! The wine, food, and service were superb! Matthew and all the staff at Gordon Ramsay Steak get 5 stars!!
825	1	Stopped here on our way to the airport. It was the best food we had all week! Considering we had paid $125 each for one mediocre meal, getting great food here for $25 for the both of us was awesome. We started with the tuna kimbap and both had the spicy ramen. The Kimbap was outstanding and the ramen was perfect. And the dried squid!!!! Amazing
993	1	This place was beautiful and amazing Doug and Alberto were my servers and they were positive and kind best thing is they were genuinely happy to be there and that's a huge deal to me when someone is serving my food. I sat outside and O M G the scenery! Such a pleasant well decorated garden and everyone around just in a good mood. The food was awesome I had the quiche!!!!! You have to try I've never had it like that before and it was the best quiche I've ever had. Period. So happy I came amazing and relaxing experience and non expensive I paid $30 for quiche side of spinach bowl of fruit fresh orange juice tp and side of hot tea. Can't be that especially for the awesome location
1349	0	Have you ever had to eat trash and have to pay for it ? Well this is the spot if you know Mexican food or Born Mexican you will know the food here is horrible by just looking at the prices. The food is pathetic the prices are insane 15 dollars for chips and guacamole come on man . Who spends 5 dollars on a "gourmet" taco it should be gourtrash it's nothing special please do not step in here I should've went to the Golden Arches and had a gourmet Big Mac
921	1	I finally made it back to Bouchon and this time for brunch. It was the best breakfast I had on this trip...er, although I as subject to convention food breakfast, so relatively speaking it honestly doesn't take much to be a best breakfast.  That's not to say the food was bad. No, it was very very good.  Our waiter, whose name I do not recall sadly, led us through some recommendations that we were very happy with.  * Sweetbreads to start. Mmm, glands. It was on the specials chalkboard. * Pan roasted trout, piled with vegetables. With clear eyes on the fish head. Fresh! * Chicken and waffles. Yummy. Is it really French? Do I care?  And lots of coffee.   Definitely the priciest of breakfasts, and worth it.  We admired the selection of absinthe at the bar, and also the good beers on tap.   I couldn't really feel any "food magic" in the space. It felt like the typical good food decadence I feel in the strip area of Vegas.  But if I can walk into a restaurant, see the food I'm eating, and dine without hearing the endless bings and bonks of casino machines, I'm pretty happy. Service and food can't be faulted for anything, for my experience. But I was bummed that the people at two small tables nearby me seemed unhappy. One duo effectively dined alone, as their food arrived 15 minutes apart and there was never a time they had food together on the table. Another, um, gererously portioned couple seemed unhappy with the size of their meals.  Since casinos are probably not very far away from handing out collectible feed sacks to strap to our faces in the buffets, I leave it to the latter couple to sort out what best meets their dining expectations.  For the former, the management came and resolved the issue as best they could and I admire the duo for leaving the waiter a very generous tip, as the timing of the food preparation was not his fault.  I've done a dinner here, as well as a brunch. It was very good, but I probably don't need to return for a meal. Bouchon has kind of blown its wad and I don't get the impression that an encore is necessary. Maybe for some absinthe, or a pastry from the bakery.
1611	1	I went to Vegas in January.  I ate here the majority of the time.  These burgers were the shit, dude!  Very fresh, and well prepared. I don't quite remember what I got on most of the burger. Can you blame me? My family came to Vegas before this time, and said this place was awesome. They did not lie.
1851	0	Please, please, read the other reviews and think about this before you even think about setting foot in this establishment.  All the negative reviews are very true.  If you've been to another Brazilian restaurant, this will be a huge huge disappointment.  To boot, it is overpriced for the food quality and variety -- think about it, if over 50% of the diners have half-off certificates, it's because they're tourists and have never eaten here.  I apologize for being so negative, I usually try to find the good in establishments but there isn't much good here.  The best part of my dining experience was my server, Cynthia (she was absolutely awesome!) and the fried cod (from my seafood option).  Yes, the fried fish was the best part in a Brazilian restaurant.  My experience as a diner started out, on a 105-degree day, of the maitreD insisting on seating me as the 2-person table at the far end of the bar (farthest away from servers too!)-- facing the mall hallway and 100 feet away from the outside doors facing the heat.  When I noticed the heat and sweated immediately, she told me that it was airconditioned (as if it was my imagination).  This was early, too, around 530 p.m. with restaurant 80% empty.  Not only did the meat servers ignore me (being out of the way), but I began sweating even more (hey youre splurging for a supposedly nice meal in a nice restaurant on vacation, that aint right).  I politely asked my server if it was possible to move somewhere cooler and after much discussion with the maitreD (who acted all surprised-shocked that I didnt like my table, doh), they allowed me to move inside where it was 15 degrees cooler at least.  I wish I could say that the dining experience was tremendous free there on.  I really wish.  But other than my server's attentiveness, it was god-awful.  Honestly for what I ordered (the churrascaria with the surf and turf), I would have been better served by dining at a nice casino buffet like Planet Hollywoods for half the price (take the prime rib, carved turkey carved ham plus the middle-eastern meats and add the seafood dishes with the various salads/desserts and it's 10x better).  Specific reasons why I am so negative: 1. Horrible Logistics -- Instead of having 3d red-yellow-green wood that a customer can place on a table to indicate whether he wants servers to bring meat, this restaurant uses plastic decals (smaller than a coaster) that lay flat on the table and cant be seen by servers -- thus they breeze right by you table because they cant see that you want food. 2. Poor Maintenance -- They did something to the floors (extra wax???) whereby people were slipping and sliding as they walked to the salad bar or restrooms, which by the way were kinda nasty. 3. Poor Quality and/or Prepared Food -- which is the main reason a) Iced Tea -- I asked for unsweetened regular iced tea and received a fruity version (which can cause dietary isues) as the original server (in the bar) didnt feel it necessary to tell me (I thought the tea was rotting or going bad based on the unexpected "flavoring"). b) Over-Seasoning to mask either the quality or preparation.  Filet mignon that was tasty if you could get by the intense seasoning...after a few bites I couldn't eat it.  Even the ham tasted like a salt shaker -- I mean, ham is the easiest meat to cook with a little seasoning (if at all) to be flavorful.  On the seafood option, the ahi tuna were all over the place -- sometime cooked just right, sometimes chewey/overcooked, and so overseasoned it wasnt edible.  Next to the ham, the next easiest (or even easier) item to not screw up is grilled pineapple -- instead, I received thin, tart, hardly grilled pineapple (the kind youd get at Country Buffet).  Even the deep-fried bananas on the salad bar-buffet were soggy and mushy.  Did I speak to management and express these concerns?  No, I figured if they work there and supervise and taste their product, they should have a clue (a manager was going through the restaurant asking patrons regarding their dining experience -- honestly I just wanted to finish and leave and be done with it).  It is what it is....a $20 meal for $50-60.  You decide...but there are so many other wonderful choices for dining in Vegas.
1957	1	My first review ever on Yelp is dedicated to Gangnam Asian BBQ. We ordered the Gangnam Grill for 2 people and had more than enough for my parents and myself. Fair price and great service! Our waiter checked in with us often and made sure everything was going well. For next time, I will be ordering what I like individually. I only really cared for the bulgogi within the entire order. Leaving the restaurant with a full happy tummy!
1070	0	Not.good.period.    A group of 4 of us came here at about 10am for the breakfast buffet on a Wednesday and it was VERY underwhelming!!! It looks like maybe it would have been okay for lunch or dinner with all the different food around the world stations, but for breakfast it was just the same stuff and over again which would have been okay I guess if the food they had wouldn't have been so nasty.  The eggs were old and rubbery, the bacon was practically raw, the pancakes tasted like cardboard and the little mcmuffin type things had bread SO HARD I think I chipped a tooth. My friend got a danish and he hit it with a fork and it made a sound like a hockey puck. The quiche and crepes were no better.  We all ordered an array of drinks and the waitress managed to mess that up. Also, the hot chocolate was disgusting and the coffee wasn't much better. She was not very good and I got a rude vibe from her.   $20 per person seemed WAY over priced for what they offered. I will NEVER go here again for breakfast, and honestly, I think I'd skip it for anything else as well and go somewhere else like The Rio which I know to be amazing.
1148	0	View is good, beer selection is poor.  Service was good.  I had the baby back ribs, honestly were the worst I have ever had, and I have eaten and cooked a lot of ribs.  They were way overcooked to the point the meat tasted like bone marrow, then they were drowned in bbq sauce.  Not impressed with the food quality at all, will not be coming back when in town, at least not for the food!
790	0	Very crowded (you couldn't really dance or get around)  Music sucked it would have slight pauses and weird mixture of music. Drinks where watered down. Saw a lot of people having issues getting out of there ( too drunk to go down the stairs) Oh and it was super hot in there!!  It was nasty.
1690	1	I was by myself on the Strip looking for a place to eat.  I came in here and the friendly staff suggested that I eat at the bar (full menu) rather than waiting 45 minutes for a table.  I got fantastic service at the bar, and the food was fabulous!  I highly recommend this place not only for the food, but for the welcoming atmosphere and great customer service.
263	1	We came for dinner after a really long day and everything was awesome...perfect timing also because they have reverse happy hour! Soju  Food was delicious and service was great and attentive and food came out in a timely manner..considering the price the portions were good...Would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas! It was our best meal of the day...wayyyy better than our $60 sausage, egg and toast breakfast!!!!!!!!  lol
1157	0	Some girlfriends and I spent the weekend of 4/20 in Vegas...which was kinda amazing. But do you know what lacked amazingness? This place!  My friend REALLY wanted to go here because she has some kind of "foodie crush" on the dude that opened the place. Or the head chef. Or someone important like that. We all assumed it was going to be a Mexican/Chinese fusion- but the two sides of the menu (and the dishes) are completely separate.  While the atmosphere, and the idea, are both super fun, the place lacks execution. I was not a fan of my soup, and while my lemon shrimp were bomb in flavor, they didn't sit well later!  With so many culinary gems in the city of sin, I suggest you indulge elsewhere!
1463	1	We dined here last night for my boyfriends birthday. The food was amazing. The service was also amazing.   We ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster and the pork belly for appetizers. Both were equally delicious.   For main courses I ordered the beef Wellington and my boyfriend ordered the bone in rib eye. I'm a total fan of Hell's Kitchen which is why I ordered the Wellington. It certainly did not disappoint. The meat literally melted in your mouth.   While it was expensive, I felt it was worth every penny. I called ahead of time and ordered a dessert for his birthday. The sticky toffee pudding is spot on. ORDER IT! (If you have room)   Great place to celebrate a special occasion!! We will be back!
149	0	I had a bad experience, although the hotel itself is not bad.  I was feeling ill during my stay (I was pregnant and didn't know it), and had been doubled over in bed with my iPod to comfort me.  I left the iPod in the sheets unknowingly, and when we checked out, I must have left it there.  Later that day, I called the LVH reporting I had most certainly left my iPod in the room (it has never been found in our possession since).  They sent someone up to look for it, but it was nowhere to be found, and housekeeping had already been through there.  It had not been turned in by housekeeping.  I don't know how many hotels hold housekeeping accountable, but they were never able to find out who took it.  Some housekeeping person has a very nice gift now.    Bummer.  As for the hotel, we find it to be a good deal, so we stay there occasionally.  It has decent restaurants and lively hallways.  The rooms are clean and attractive enough.  It's too bad they don't have a way of finding out who cleaned certain rooms to determine which of their staff are thieves.  Not sure how many hotels are able to do this anyways.  The experience was enough to make me not want to stay there next time.
100	0	I had the worst experience ever in a las Vegas hotel! Being a local on a Thursday night I decided to try westin They serve until 6 am and I  figured it was a great place to grab a late night dinner. As I get to the bar, nobody takes my order. I struggled To get the bartenders attention, whn I did he tells me that he can't serve me and that he has been directed to call security. So I politely asked if I could speak to security. When security shows up he refused to speak to me or even look at me. He also says he can't help me, so sitting here baffled I ask to speak to a higher management. So security manager Dean comes over and again can't give me an explanation of why I can't be served all while looking me from top to bottom making me assume that he is profiling me. After I ask the reason behind this he says he cannot tell me the reason but that he as the right to refuse service. He said i am more than welcome to come back to speak to Ben noble at 9am.
1399	0	OK --so you go to this place BECAUSE it is what it is! you know? you see it and it's cute! and you wanna try it because it's sooo popular! And then you go, and you're disappointed. LOL.  Well, first of all...I made reservations. When I go there, the hostess was like dumbfounded, as if she's never seen someone make a reservation before.  Whatever-- we were seated. When we ordered, it was like a 50 minute wait for our food to ACTUALLY come. When it did, my breakfast potatoes were freakin' crispy! and it was somewhat cold. It was hard enough that I had to get breakfast at almost 2 in the afternoon..haha. Our service was horrible too...she barely came around so we couldn't even ask where the hell our food was.  At the end...we ordered the frozen hot chocolate because that is what they're known for.. We got it as a complimentary dessert because the waitress knew our food took forever! And when we drank it...we were like, this is a milkshake.. hahaha.  So please get it together Serendipity! You are  so lucky it's so damn cute in there! I mean look at the damn plates...they're adorable!!!!
1648	1	Needs to be renamed "Everyone and their mama's know this pizza joint" Pizza.  The line is ridiculously long after a night of drinking/clubbing.  There's a reason why there's a line.  It's pretty damn good.  New York pizza got some competition.  Not so long of a line during the early day.  Remember that Seinfeld episode where Jerry tries to pour out the grease on the pizza and George goes "you're crazy" and pours Jerry's pizza juice on his pizza?  Yeah, this pizza got that pizza "juice" (not grease).  Cheesy, greasy, and deletable meatball topping.  Yum!  Got New York prices too, but hey, it's Vegas, where $50 all of sudden feels like its only $10.  If you don't like flavor and a little saltiness, might be a little too much for your taste buds.  It's really good.  Definitely check it out.
560	1	Best burger I've ever had. Usually burgers (even from a "nice" place) are so salty and greasy, but these burgers weren't like that at all. I didn't feel ill or uncomfortably full afterwards, and all the food was delicious. They quoted us an hour wait for the table, but it was ready in 25 minutes. The server was extremely friendly and even brought me a treat for my birthday.
455	0	I've heard good things about this place, besides for the long lines of course, so I thought I would give it a try. My BF was there earlier and waited in line so I was lucky I didn't have to wait that long. We came on a Friday night around 6 and the place was super packed already. It took us about 15 minutes before we were actually seated. Dinner was $11.30 Monday-Friday and $12 over the weekend. Drinks are an additional $2.  As for the food...they have a... Salad bar:  Salad bar was okay. Nothing special about it. You can create your own salad with any topping you could think of or they have a pre-made ceaser salad. They also had 2 different types of soup that day, chicken noodle and chili. They also had your typical potato salad/mac salad/ and stuff like that so nothing really stood out about their salad bar.  Mexican/American/Italian/Asian food: they had a variety of different types of food, but none of them were too my liking. I'm not a picky eater. I'll try everything once, but the food was just...boring to me. They had your typical orange chicken, kung pao something, quesadilla, onion rings, pasta, fried chicken, pizza, fried shrimp, and more.  Grill area: around the grill area they had toast, fried/popcorn shrimp, stuffing and of course the steak. My BF got a steak on his first plate and it was cooked just how he wanted (medium rare) and it wasn't dry at all. He liked it so he got another one and that one came out super dry that he couldn't finish it. But the steak in my opinion wasn't that good. It didn't have any flavor on it at all.  Desserts: they had pies, cakes, the chocolate fountain, cotton candy, and ice cream. None of those things really stood out to me either. I had to get a marshmallow covered in chocolate though, but the strawberries were so tiny and didn't look appetizing at all. Ice cream of course is always good and I've never seen a buffet with rainbow sherbet so that made me happy. And take the cotton candy before you leave!  Service: It was good actually. Better than most buffets I've gone to. Plates were taken away pretty quickly and drinks were refilled when we barely drank half of the cup. Seeing how crowded the place was, I was pretty surprise with the service.
655	1	I'll admit it.  I'm a Gordon Ramsay groupie.  I DVR all of his shows from Master Chef to Hell's Kitchen to Kitchen Nightmare's.  And once or twice in my life, I've been lucky enough to eat at one of his many restaurants.  This past weekend, my friends and I were in Sin City for a birthday celebration and we decided to try the newly opened BurGR.  I'm not even slightly exaggerating when I say that the Farmhouse Burger that I ate at Gordon's new restaurant is the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  Perfectly seasoned beef topped with Duck Bacon (which I didn't even know existed), French Cheddar, and a gooey fried egg....it was like eating a piece of art.  In addition to the burger, my friends and I shared some truffle parmesan french fries with BurGR's homemade truffle aioli and ketchup sauces (both amazing).  We also ordered creme brulee oreo milkshakes (best milkshake I've ever had).  The only dish that we ordered that I was less than ecstatic about was the honeypig bao buns appetizer...but honestly, the rest of the meal was so amazing, we completely forgot about it.  At a fairly reasonable price for Ramsay level quality food, I highly recommend trying out BurGR next time you're at the Planet Hollywood Casino in Las Vegas.
110	1	One bite the Rising Sun Burger and you're in beef nirvana.  And one bite is all I got, because my dinner companion, AKA significant other, wouldn't share after that.  But that's ok, although my Longhorn burger wasn't as good, it's no flakeout in the burger department.  Just not as exotic an explosion in your mouth as the traditional Japanese flavors that are perfectly introduced into the western standard that is the burger on a bun called, once again, The Rising Sun.  And let me tell you, this burger planetarian will now orbit around this fabulous burger.  The beers are nice and cold and that's what I reverted to after an uber strong margarita on the rocks.  I treated it like a shot, cause at $14 there's no way I'd leave it sitting on the table.  We were seated immediately, the service was fast, extremely friendly and ready to answer any questions we had about the menu.  I can't wait to go back, and guess what I'll be ordering next time?  Hai, The Rising Sun.  Arigato Holsteins!!!
827	0	I *really* wanted to like this place more, considering it's HUGE and there seems to be so much variety on the menu. The yogurt area was the first thing that caught my eye, but was surprised to know there really wasn't as many toppings to be expected (if even at all). It's open 24 hours, and the entire place looks like a gigantic cafeteria. Bright lighting, plenty of seating. The night I came in with my friends the place was nearly empty, so no issues with finding a spot.   We had the cream puffs and the sugar cane drink. Cream puffs lacked taste, as I felt like the cream in the middle really wasn't anything significant or tasty (the cream was just "there"). I do have to say the sugar cane drink is worth giving a go, since it's sweet but not overly sweet to where you get sick of it halfway. Otherwise the pastries and the bite of the sandwich my friend got wasn't anything special. Also, I always seem to think places who just offer cash as a paying method is behind with everything else technologically in the world unless it's a family business. Hopefully the next time I go the experience will be different.
1433	0	Came here late night with my best friend and her co worker! It was literally not the first choice of dining but at 3:30-4 AM there isn't much of a choice in Mandalay Bay. The menu of course is going to be expensive because it's a hotel chain restaurant/deli or whatever. The down fall is that with it being so late they have a very selective menu to choose from so you don't really have many options! Our waiter was an airhead and we had to keep asking him for the necessary things that should've already came automatically such as napkins and water.. After spending over $60 for some basic ass meal I was completely over it because there's no way no breakfast burrito that small should've costed $13 and then the potatoes were basic with no seasoning.. My bf liked the food probably only because he was drunk but other than that I can't see myself eating here again unless I had a food and beverage credit from the hotel, but wait even then idk I would probably choose somewhere else...
417	1	I'm from Chicago and have also had a lot of New York City pizza but this place is by far better than any pizza ice ever had!!! We've eaten there almost everyday!! Great little hole in the wall! Hidden between two restaurants on the 3rd floor! There's no sign, just follow the long hallway with a ton of pics on the walls! Pizza slices are $5.50! Amazing!! Loved the white pizza!!! Best little gem in Vegas!
1991	1	I agree with the other reviewers saying this being the best Thai restaurant. This is a must stop each time I come to Las Vegas. Yes, the location is not the best but it appears to be a little better than in the past.  It is not on the strip, but it is well worth the short drive as the line of customers arriving by taxi can attest.   It is not fancy, modern or nicely decorated, but the walls are filled with autographed pictures from the celebrities and famous chefs who have come here to eat.   The foodie magazine awards and reviews on the walls give you something to read while waiting for a seat.  Once seated be ready to listen to the advice from the waiters and be ready to absorb yourself in the wonderful food.  Most tries are the garlic prawns, Thai beef salad and fish and drunken noodles.  Too  bad this place is so popular because now it is harder to get in.
668	0	I came to this Buffett years ago, sometime in 2007 to 2009?  Oh it was great, the food was colorful and tasted great.  There wasn't much service back then as it is now but the food now is deplorable.  This is now a local's choice type of buffet rather than something you would want to eat as a tourist:  you are expecting high grade food when you visit.  Don't come here unless you're expecting just a morning pick me up from a lousy hangover.  Don't expect service either, although you are waving your hand, it will take them some time to stop talking and playing with the coffee spouts to come over and give you a new napkin.
1987	1	The food here is FANTASTIC. 5 stars, easily.  Calimari : 9 out of 5 stars I'm a stickler when it comes to calimari.. some may say I am on a Holy Grail of sorts-- in search for the PERFECT calimari. Here, it was perfect. Not too salty. Not chewy. And came with a flavorful and creamy sauce. I was in love.  Pasta: 5 stars Generous portion of meat, cheese and pasta with a zesty sauce.  Ambience: 5 stars High-end. Guilded walls. So much attention to details.   Truly an enjoyable experience. A personal favorite of mine!
1834	0	We went here to order breakfast at around 6am on a Sunday morning. Unfortunately we didn't even get that far. The waitress who was assigned to our table refused to take our orders because a "new shift" was starting even though we had been waiting for 20 minutes. We talked to the hostess and all she did was tell us which waitress was assigned to our table, the one who still refused to take our order. Given this terrible service we left. Needless to say, we won't be coming back.
1903	1	Found this place on Yelp and our meal was awesome! For five of us we got a meal for four and it was more than enough. Also, a pitcher of Sapporo for happy hour after 10pm -- can't beat that!   Our server, Donkey, was outstanding as well. Will definitely return and recommend to others.
987	0	Pricey for mediocre food.  The service our group of 6 had was pretty reasonable.  My biggest gripe about this place is that you have to PAY for chips and salsa.  It's not cheap either.  In addition, we got the guacamole.  We were so excited to get a bowl full of guac only to realize the bottom of it was a bunch of crushed chips so that [as our waitress explained] you don't drag your fingers through the guac.  Uh...whatever.  All of us ordered burritos.  I got the veggie burrito although I'm not vegetarian.  It was mostly filled with sauteed onions with a bell pepper here and there.  Overall, not the biggest fan of the food.  Of course with any restaurant along the strip, it wasn't cheap ($9 for a small burrito).  I will admit the salsa and hot sauce were amazing but such a rip off.  This is a fun place to drink but when you drink you want snacks...so just expect to shell out a pretty penny or 100.  [haha?]
244	0	The food here is horrible.  Me and my hubby came here for lunch last Saturday before I went to go shoot a wedding over at the Flamingo (which is another damn story).  The price tag was off for the food they had to offer, but there wasn't a line around 1:45, it was almost $60 for the both of us.  They didn't even have any shell fish at this price.  I hadn't been to the MGM since I was a kid and wanted to just go and see it again and try the food, which proved to be horrific.  Going up and down the aisles, I realized that a lot of the food was really repetitive, they had your fried/southern comfort food, your "asian" food, including teriyaki fish, noodles, sushi, etc.  They had their breakfast items, salads, veggies, fruits, desserts.  I'm pregnant, which totally multiplies my love for food by like umpteenth times, but before being pregnant I could take down a whole cow if you gave me a few hours, but this place couldn't even make pancakes that were appetizing enough.  I had these scalloped potatoes with cheese and sour cream, I believe, on it, and the potatoes weren't even fully cooked.  Phil had some fried chicken and fish items, which were not good.  I also had the teriyaki fish I mentioned earlier and the minute I put it in my mouth I had this overwhelming taste of ginger.  I had the couscous salad which tasted much like toothpaste.  Honestly, I can say that the only thing good about this place was the veggies, oh and the nachos, but how could you fuck up tortilla chips and cheese, but everything else was horrible.  They put such a bad taste in my mouth that I didn't even bother getting desserts and I have the worst sweet tooth, and if anything I'm sure the desserts would've put me in a better mood.  In the end, we left unsatisfied, a trip to Carl's Jr. probably would've done a better job at feeding me and my husband.
1241	0	If you want typical buffet food, semi warm this is your place. Had a good variety of pizza, salad bar, Italian, Chinese, Mexican and Spanish food with a dessert bar as well but it was all just ok. Definitely was not worth the $32.99 a person. We won't eat here again during our stay. On a positive note our server was very friendly and attentive to our drinks.
1550	1	You won't be disappointed!!!  It was simply great!!'  A bit of a wait but totally worth it   The Shack Stack is super good along with the smoke shack  The prices were about $6 a single and $9-10 for a double / shack stack.  Big seating area  Lives up to its hype!
457	0	I've stayed at MGM Signature but this was my first time staying at the MGM Grand.  I love the Signature and I would recommend their suites over the MGM but if you do decide to stay at the MGM Grand here's a little warning I wish somebody would have told me. We booked a Jack Pot deal through Southwest. We got a West Wing King. So we arrive at the hotel and check in and begin walking to our room and about 10 minutes later we finally reach the doors entering the west wing. All of a sudden we felt like we were in a college dorm. The carpet was grimy the walls gray concrete The rooms have no view and they're extremely hot. Apparently the air-conditioning doesn't work in the dungeon.  Not ideal for sure but we could have made it work if it didn't take what felt like 30 minutes to get from the lobby to our room!! This place is HUGE so from our room to the pool would have been like half a days journey. We paid some ridiculous upgrade rate to move our room to the Grand Tower just so we wouldn't spend the whole weekend walking back and forth. This is one of those hikes where if your left your phone in the room you'd just say screw it.  2nd issue for me was the staff. There were at least two pit bosses and 4 dealers that literally made me want to leave tables.  I've never had so many people scold me for my hand placement or talking loudly with my friends. Apparently being a little rowdy in Vegas is now illegal? There were some dealers that were a lot of fun but overall I would rate the staff at MGM at a 6 out of 10  There are much better places to stay in Vegas and for sure better places to gamble.  One positive thing I want to make sure to throw in. We rented a cabana on the pool and was very reasonably priced. 800 min food and drink spend. Our waiter Joey was the best. Plus once Calvin Harris came on at Wet Republic they played it over their sound system. We had the best seat in the house. One of my top 5 pool days in Vegas
1078	1	Ok no joke, this probably the best burger spot on the strip.  Located inside the Cosmo, Holstein serves some some burgers unlike anywhere else. To start off, the place looks awesome, I sure they spent alot of money here (as they did on everything in the Cosmo) and it shows. There is plenty of street art, anime style graphics, along that old-world leather feel in the dining area. Its definitely falls into the stylish chic. Plus that giant cow by the entrance looks cool!   Now for the food, its awesome. Everyone tries out the Gold Standard and for good reason - cheddar, arugula, garlic chive aoili all make for a awesome burger. My personal fave:  is the Rising Sun - juicy, perfectly cooked kobe beef burger with crispy yam, teriyaki glaze and spicy mayo, and tempura avocado!.  The shakes are delicious (they do have alcohol in em) with the best one being Drunken Monkey. All of the bamboozled shakes have alcohol but you can get virgin as well. Try one out, they are delicious!  But be warned ahead of time, its not cheap, nor quiet. For a burger, fries and shake you are easily going come out spending $30+. Come in on a monday or weekend and the place be packed and loud from everyone trying to get inside of Marquee.
583	0	Sigh... this was not the first time I've eaten here, however, it was the worst visit out of my two visits. Fortunately, both meals were free. The silver lining...  I'd like to give more than 2 stars but I can't. It was really more like a 2.5 experience, but I can't round up because the food was just that lousy.  The only thing that was half way decent was the prime rib, fruit tart, lemon meringue tart, and the stuffed sole. All of the warm items were cold...selections were dim...meats were all tough except for the ones that I just mentioned. Not sure what happened at the Mediterranean station. Why was everything doused in heavy curry spice?? Isn't curry more of an Asian spice?? The curried cauliflower and chicken were both awful. All that I could taste was heavy curry and no other seasonings..really dreadful dishes...the lamb and chicken kabobs were both dry and cold. The grilled squash was cold, slimy and tastless... I could go on and on about the other items that I tried, but I won't bore you with details, but I will tell you that the other offerings were similar. I didn't get around to the salad bar but I think I should have started there first...  I think that SMB is right around $40 per person sans discounts...it's definitely not worth the money. Quality nor selection are there. There are too many other buffets in Vegas that offer much better food at a better price. The Orleans is one.  In all fairness, I'm not a buffet buff, but this is about as bad as it gets...service was at least decent.
343	1	Freaking A!  What a place, what a place!  I just can't get over how exotic and flavorful everything is here so far!  A friend from out of town came in and first on our list was Bachi Burger!  Like the last time, the place was pretty empty, not too busy, but the one thing my gf and I spotted was a new burger!  *The Shogun Burger* (not on the website) $23 Features the Wagyu beef, eel, poached pear, and foie gras! Packed with major flavor and super exquisite! I highly recommend getting a taste of this one.  We also ordered the Crusty Crab and Kalbi Burger. Both which were tasty as well.  I loved the authentic crab on the Crusty Crab and the sauce on the Kalbi Burger.  We went with the eggnog creme brulee with gingerbread cookie.  There were comments of the rum flavor being strong, but I hardly tasted it.  The gingerbread man cookie was cool with powdered sugar on it and tasted perfect.  They also featured a treat all the way from Hawai'i called the Tako Toffee.  It's toffee with a thin layer chocolate and almonds.  Another great experience at Bachi deserves another 5 star rating!
1543	1	Amazing!!!!! Great service, delicious food. If you are in the area you must try this place out. Skillets, omelette are very good. Fresh baked muffins are delish. We found this place last year and heading out to Vegas this weekend, for sure we will be stoping by.
922	1	I absolutely LOVE this place! I wish i made billions of dollars when I went to Vegas so I could pig out here all day everyday!  First off the service is wonderful! Everyone was so friendly and all smiles! They are also very helpful in explaining the menu and pointing out favorites.   Bread: so delicious! If only I had 10 stomachs, I would have kept asking for more! It was soft and warm and there was a whole bunch of different ones. And that butter!! It was so creamy, I almost wanted to put the whole butter one only one slice of bread, but I had to share :p  Kurobuta Pork Belly: delicious!  The meat was very juicy. The cheesy grits was awesome and it went really well together.  Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras: it was my first time trying foie gras and I fell in love(Please don't send me hate mail animal lovers, i really didn't mean for it to be this way). The herbed goat cheese pop overs weren't for me, but if you like goat cheese you would love this.   Mac and cheese: very creamy. I usually don't like blue cheese in anything, but it was really good. Couldn't eat too much of it because it was filling.  Demi bone marrow: please order with your steak you wouldn't regret!  American eye wrapped with Mangalista pork: most juiciest and greatest piece of steak I have ever had. I also had a piece of seared foie gras to go with it! The foie and the steak goes so well together. When I eat the foie with the steak, it was like eating a piece of butter with steak and you know butter is life! Haha I feel like all the other steaks I've ever had in my life was a joke!   Overall, this place had made me one snobby steak eater. Steak back at home just ain't the same.
757	1	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!  I was in Vegas and decided to try this place and the burgers are amazing.  I had to go back again before we left Vegas (we never eat the same place twice).  This place is worth it.  I would go back to Vegas just to have these burgers and I am not even a Burger person.
774	1	If you go please ask for Gary to be your waiter. Him and his serving staff were by far one of the best crews I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with in a fine dining restaurant. He was extremely helpful with the pronunciation of the food (as most of the menu headlines are in French)  and took the time to explain the finer points of what you were about to enjoy. Please tip well because him and the staff are very deserving of a top level Gratuity. Thank you Gary for a fine meal and a great dining experience. Defiantly will return.
1746	1	We had dinner here at midnight. At that hour, you kind of expect mediocre service and food to kind of just get you by. This was one of the best burgers I've had. I had a turkey burger and it was perfection. At first the fact that it was topped with blueberry compote sounded odd, but it worked so so well. Our truffle fries were fresh and fantastic, and my friends blue cheese burger was great.  A little pricey for a burger from the outset, but keep in mind it goes with Vegas prices, and you're eating GR creations.  Would definitely recommended for any occasion!
1343	1	Best Thai food I've had in America. Some of the dish portions were smaller that I expected but we were in a large group and all the dishes were gobbled up really quickly. I loved the duck curry and Thai ice teas!! Wish I had more time to go back again! It's a must stop for international foodies!
1068	1	Shogun burger was DELICIOUS. The seared foie was so buttery and went so well with the poached Asian pear. I asked to have my burger cooked mid-rare and it was perfectly cooked.  Kiki burger and Mr. Ho's burger were also very good.   Also got the oxtail chili fries. Personally, I thought the beans in the chili were just barely undercooked but it was awesome besides that and three of us killed the plate.    Service was great. Even though the place was packed, someone was always making sure our water was filled and we had everything we needed.
1172	1	Thank you GR for being my first......time trying Japanese Kobe.  A rare treat!    Food fabulous, service superb:    A perfect pairing were Charles N and Jered C.   Knowledgeable, professional, and welcoming, they walked us through an amazing meal.   We also enjoyed American Kobe.   There are not enough superlatives to describe the service and the entire meal.    Atmosphere is great.  We sat in a lovely round booth upstairs with a view of neon and restaurant.   One thing, tho, could you dim the interrogation light shining over us in the booth?    If in Vegas, it's a MUST!!  Best meal of my life!   We are huge GR fans.   Loved BurGR, as well.
1285	0	So I have to preface this by saying I have not stayed here again since my previous review. BUT I did walk out to the pool deck last week around 3am to dip my toes in the water, and I was rudely turned away by the security guard who informed me that the pool is NO LONGER open 24/7. So the only reason I would ever stay here is nonexistent. SEE YA Hooters.
789	0	If YOU Don't have a SEVEN STARS or a DIAMOND CARD. Expect a Very Long Wait..!! They DO NOT Cater and are NOT Welcoming to People who are trying the Establishment for the First Time. LUCY, who I believe might be the manager (hostess) kept telling us different things. We were a party of 12. One minute we have a Table and next minute, We DON'T..!! Our Tables were taken by a Seven Stars or Diamond Card Holder..  THE FOOD WAS NOT WORTH IT..!!!!! The Wait or the Lies Left a Bad Taste in My Mouth..!!  I Don't Think I Will Be Coming Back... :(
1329	1	Solid burger joint. My family felt it was on the same level as In n Out. The service was great. The burger was very good. The fries and shakes were also good. No complaints. Definitely recommend it if you're in the area and have never tried this place.
977	1	Good food, good vibes, & great customer service! I will come back here again. The bulgogi is very good! I really like the kimchi, it flakes the rice. The beef toro is amazing when you dip it in the sauces.   Happy hour is amazing. You can get meats up to $4 a plate!
944	0	Not a good place to eat at all. We ordered 5 shrimp&pork egg rolls(didn't have any flavor at all) chicken wings(HIGHLY SALTED, very processed), Thai tea smoothie, and Bbq pork sandwich. All of our food was not good at all. The manager was extremely rude. I'm very surprised they are still in business.   I would not recommend this place at all.
918	0	Stayed at the MGM grand hotel in a "suite" this weekend for a Bachelorette party. Upon arrival the parking situation was extremely confusing "self-parking" where you pay and "valet" where you pay. I called the front desk and the guest service coordinator let me know that guests of the hotel now have to pay to park EACH DAY. She claimed that this is a 4 month old policy so it was not stated when I booked the hotel. This is outrageous to me especially since I paid $400 a night for the room. You should be able to get it validated if you eat at their hotel restaurant, but the front desk assured me there was no way to get it validated. We checked-in relatively quickly but was never told when check out would be or not given any details about the Wet Republic pool party. When we arrived in our room, we noticed that it was much smaller than the pictures made it seem and we were suppose to have TWO beds, but were given just one. I called guest service once again and was told they only had ONE suite with two beds and it was booked... there was nothing they could do for me. I had to call several times again to retrieve information about check-out and Wet Republic. The guest service customer service is either A+ or horrible - no in between. For the amount of money you spend here, its NOT worth it. I have stayed at the Pink Flamingo for much less and had MUCH better customer service. I will not be spending money here again for future bachelorette parties.
579	1	About a 15 minute wait for a table on a Sunday, but it was well worth the wait!! The biscuit and gravy breakfast was delicious! The gravy was a tad salty, but still good. The biscuit was amazing! Fluffy, thick, and perfect. The potatoes seemed to come with just about any breakfast dish and they were great, crispy and they had a great seasoning on them. My husband had the Cincy chili. He said that was great as well. The service was exceptional, especially considering how busy they were! Definitely putting on my list of must visit places in Vegas!
35	0	Ummmm totally not worth it!  We wanted to try a different restaurant at our last stay in Vegas. We were originally going to eat Wicked Spoon but the line was long and last call was in 45 minutes. We knew we weren't going to have enough time to eat.   Thankfully, it was only lunch so we weren't TOO HUNGRY so we decided to switch it up and try China Poblano. I first noticed it was owned by chef Jose Andres. I had a bad experience with Chef Andres and truthfully, didn't enjoy his restaurant over in LA at the Bazaar. So I decided to give him another try.  It was pretty empty upon walking in. We were seated promptly and service was fast. First off, we decided to order some soda because we were thirsty and the waitress comes out with these dinky small soda cans!!! Those sodas were $5!!! We orders some ceviche, tacos, dan dan mien, and chilaquiles. My overall favorite was their ceviche. Decent flavor with a good amount of tuna. Nothing spectacular though. Different cuisines are prepared in different kitchens so food comes out at off times. Their noodles were okay. A good kick of spice but obviously not traditional. The chilaquiles was a joke. Basically tortilla chips with sauce on top. Looked like a cheap mans version of nachos. Can't believe we paid $15 for it. Everything's on the lighter smaller side so be prepared to either eat light or order a lot!  After lunch, that was it. Again, nothing too spectacular. Food is expensive and small. It's much more worth it to spend your money somewhere else. Not missing out if you haven't tried this place at Cosmo.
1878	1	ok hubby was craving burger so I yelp but that morning I was watching TV and they were talking about this place so perfect, the wait is long but of course if bar available you go ahead, the prizes might scared you the most expensive burger is $60, hubby order the Hubert ke that one is $22, I order a caramel latte so good $9.25,and I order the vegas vegan it was big but good also the salad the wedge so good only thing is that I don't like blue cheese but hubby said that it taste better with it. so if you want to eat burget it here just remember is $$$$$
451	1	Quite possibly the best New York style pizza you'll find on the West Coast. If you've dealt with sub-par NY pizza around town, come to this pizza place and you will not be disappointed.  As you walk through the vintage Italian album collage leading to pizza paradise, you'll find a few gems - including an old San Remo cover - before finding your cheesy reward.  They use cornmeal to crisp the crust and the cheese is stringy and delish.  It feels like a pizza speakeasy amid so many trendy restaurants on that level inside Cosmopolitan, but well worth the mystery hunt to get there.
362	0	Wow, how the LA counterpart allows this place to keep using the Pink's name is beyond me.  The first time I went when it opened I was like meh.  The second time I went last month I was like wth!!!  I don't see this place lasting with it never having people there it seems.  The chili is pretty spot on to being the same as well as the dogs but man everything else is just horrible.  I mean I got a crusted tortilla wrapper that was litterarly cracking and breaking as if it was a cracker.  It's almost like they left the tortilla sitting on the counter all night and decided to use it anyways.  I mean if you are going to bring a prized LA landmark like this to LA then do it right.  I mean In-N-Out and Tommy's do it right.  It's just a downright shame for Pink's.
296	0	Stay away! Quality is bad, took them 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches. Ordered them heated, only 2/4 was heated. The other tasted like they just came out of the fridge.  The "Special" is especially bad! The pork roll has barely any pork, full of fillers.
1671	0	The worst experience at a buffet I've had in a long time, from beginning to end.   The girlfriend and I visited because we had a Groupon (probably should have been the first hint) and and we didn't feel like cooking. We read the reviews before we bought the Groupon. I just thought the bad reviews came from those who were a little too picky (I was wrong.) So we went with a clear mind, willing to give this place every chance it deserves.   Service (scale from 1-5, where 5 is excellent) - 1  We arrived, and walked up to the cashier. Boy, she must have been having a bad day; not the attitude I expect from a restaurant. No smile, no hospitality whatsoever. Kinda made me feel like I want wanted there. Anyways, I got over it, we stood and waited for the host to show us to the table. Her attitude was not much better. Ugh, not a good start. We waited about five minutes before our server came and took our drink orders. I swear, there must be a theme to this restaurant or something. She looked like she was barely tolerant of our existence. Expected so, the worst service I have ever experienced. We hardly saw here throughout the dinner. Even when she saw us waving her over, she would ignore it.   Food - 2  Now let's get to the food. Oh...the food. The only thing that was good there were the crab legs, the shrimp cocktail, and the charcuterie. That's because you can't really mess that up. Everything else was just downright bad. The prime rib was completely overcooked and tough. The baby back ribs were overcooked and hard. The bread they served were rock hard. Pretty much nothing in their hot stations that we had were very appetizing. We hate to waste food but sadly, most of the plates that we got were full when they took it away. We read that the saving grace is the dessert station. Not necessarily. Well, they do have frozen custard, which is the best thing there. They also have a Macaron cookie which was done pretty well. They have maybe ten varieties of cupcakes, and are way too sweet in my opinion. The fruit tart, stale. The crepes in the crepe station are pre-made packaged.   Value - 4  I give this a four given that the deal was from Groupon; $35+ for two people, alcohol included.   All in all, a pretty horrible experience, which prompted me to leave a review. I think they should seriously look into the service part of the establishment. It can make or break an experience, and on this occasion, it shattered it beyond repair.
1348	1	Every item we ordered was amazing! Our favorites were the jalapeno salmon poppers( best ever!), also the bacon wrapped salmon was super good!! The sweet cream corn was delicious!! And let's not forget the coffee macaroon for dessert!! We ordered a total of 10 items!!! and there was just two of us!! We're so happy, and can't wait to come back! Service is excellent and fast, so was the food!
1816	0	Just OK. Food was average (being generous), service was uninspired, atmosphere as good. Do yourself a favor and eat elsewhere, then go to Dicks to enjoy the atmosphere while enjoying adult beverages. Not a complete bust but the atmosphere can't overcome the blah food......
1370	0	Dinner Buffet was very limited.  What they did have was good, but who ever heard of a dinner Buffer without fried chicken or baked potatoes?  Salad bar was weak.  Breakfast Buffet was much better with French toast, 3 types of scrambled eggs, 3 types of sausage, pancakes, waffles.  Breakfast - Yes.  Dinner - No.
667	1	My friend recommended coming to this place, and I'm so glad I did! Probably the best Thai food I have ever had. This place is huge, and I can see why! The place immediately became packed as soon as it opened. We had Thai tea, the catfish Po Tek (?) soup, Shrimp Pad Thai, and the famous Garlic Chili Prawns. The Prawns were like $30? But soooo worth it. They were huge and full of flavor! Too bad I'm from Houston; I miss this place already.
273	0	I was pretty stoked to check this place out, being a big Sammy Hagar fan, but I was pretty damn disappointed when it finally came to trying it out.  Dad and I went down for lunch, and we had a Groupon that was good for $30. We popped in around 12:30 PM, and it was already a difficulty just to find someone to seat us. There was no waitress around to seat us, so the hostess had us wait at the podium for a few minutes, and then she finally sat us herself. At this point, it was no biggie.  We sat down, and a waitress came up and took our drink order pretty quick...very friendly girl. She brought us some chips and salsa, which were pretty good.  I ordered the 4-item combo plate with a Carne Asada soft taco, a Chicken soft taco, a beef enchilada, and a chicken enchilada ($19) . Dad ordered Chicken nachos ($13). Let me just say, this is HIGHLY overpriced food.   The food was brought out, and we marvelled at how little was actually on our plates. Dad's nachos consisted of eight chips with chicken and cheese centered around a scoop of guacamole. To make matters worse, they were extremely bland.  My food was more of the same disappointment. I had asked for my soft tacos with just meat and cheese only, and they were PILED with stuff. When I finally wiped everything off, the meat didn't even taste great at all. It was all extremely bland. The rice was okay, but the enchiladas were HORRIFIC. I've never tasted worse green sauce in my entire life.  Throughout the meal, there was this annoying bus boy who hovered around our table. Whenever we would pause in eating, he would run up to our table and ask if he could take our plate. He did this three or four times, and every time he seemed to get cockier. Let us eat our mediocre food in peace!!  After all was said and done, I'm glad we had a Groupon...though I wished I hadn't even spent the time eating there. Avoid!
1123	0	Okay, first of all. If you are going to charge that much money, you better try a little bit harder to make the food taste good. Almost $20 per person!!! They take advantage of the fact that they are on the strip and just charge extra for it. Maybe if they made better food it wouldn't be much a big deal for $20. The food was so bad that we were still hungry after we left because we couldn't finish it. Save yourselves the trouble (and money) and go somewhere else.
902	0	Background: As an avid leisure traveler and a seasoned business traveler, I spend about 100 nights a year in hotels all across the country. (75 % of those nights are booked on hotels.com)  I'm not tough to please when it comes to accommodations as I frequently stay in a wide range of hotel types, everything from Days Inn to Ritz Carlton, so this review inst bias in anyway.    Typically when I come to Vegas, which is at least once or twice a month, I stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. I've recently decided to expand my horizons and begin trying out different hotels each time I visit. So I started with the MGM Grand.   Hotel: MGM Grand Hotel & Casino Location: Las Vegas, Nevada Dates: 3/25/15 - 3/27/2015 Room Type: Executive King Suite Room #: 20206 Room Rates: Night 1- $202.27       Night 2- $148.33 Hotel Fees: $64.96 Room Service/ Dining:$389 Gambling: $1100   This particular trip happened to be a 2 year anniversary getaway for my girlfriend and I. After the short but always dreaded drive from Southern California, we arrived at the MGM. We opted to self park in the garage where finding a parking space was a breeze (to be expected mid-week). We made our way from the garage to the Lobby. After a short 5 minute wait in line, we were beckoned to the Check-In desk. As I handed over my credit card and I.D. I inquired about paying for a room upgrade. The lady at the desk said they were sold out and no upgrades were available.. No big deal.  She then proceeded to make a call to check to see if our room was cleaned and ready. After a 20 minute long wait (not exaggerated) she was finally able to confirm our room was ready and checked us in. We made our way to the West Grand Tower and proceeded to the 20th floor where our room was located. As we approached our room, the door was ajar and housekeeping was STILL cleaning our room, even though the front desk confirmed that our room was ready.. We sat in the hallway and waited for another 20 min (still not exaggerated) while they cleaned our room. After 40 minutes, we were FINALLY able to get into our room. (Longest check-In process I've ever experienced).   The room was very well cleaned and in fairly good shape, This specific room appears to be renovated within the past 5 years.  Pros: Clean and Well Kept Large Windows/ Good Lighting Large Spacious Floor plan Automated Curtains/ Blackout Drapes Comfy Sectional Couch w/ Chaise Lounge Large Work Desk 360 degree rotating LCD TV for optimal viewing from entire room Refrigerator/ Mini Bar Dual Lighted Vanity Mirrors in Bathroom Large Dual Sinks in Bathroom Shower w/ Separate Tub Marble Tile Throughout Bathroom Full Length Mirror in Hallway  Recently Renovated  Cons: No Bathroom Ventilation/Fans No Deadbolt on door   As I'm writing this review I'm finding it hard to write a list of negatives about this hotel. If you are looking for a large no frills room/hotel for your Vegas getaway and base your experience on only the accommodations then this is the place for you.   Coming from a marketing background, I've always been a firm believer that customer service is they key to building customer/client loyalty. If people aren't satisfied with their service, they will go elsewhere.  With that being said, I cant say that I will return to the MGM in the future except to gamble or hit up Hakkasan but I would not recommend this hotel to my friends, family or colleagues simply due to the fact of the poor customer service that I experience during my stay.
1471	1	It's like the Secret Garden in pizza world.  Cheap/Affordable slice or whole pies in Vegas? And at the Cosmopolitan? Are u kidding me? Am I in heaven???  4 simple yet sexy worded instructions: ORDER THE WHITE PIZZA  We ordered a whole pie for the 3 of us and did 1/2 of it white and the other 1/2 with 3 toppings - sausage, green bell peppers and meatballs (I was only allowed 2 slices of the white, cheat meal madness!).  What did I think of the pizza? Umm...my panties were soaked, my nips got super hard and I was still drooling over the delicious ricotta cheese they used on the pizza, even after we all finished up and walked out of the secret little hole.  I'm "cumming" back here for sure!
567	0	My beef isn't so much the  actual taste of the food it's more like the portion and cost.  I know, I know after all this is Las Vegas so everything is priced three times what it usually should cost. It is completely beyond me how people can charge this much for food. During this particular visit I arrived with seven other guests three of which were menly men (like these boys could eat). One of them even asked which is your largest meal and the waiter responded with Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice. Judging by it's miniture size I doubt it actually had twenty vegetables it was probably named that cause it cost close to twenty dollars!   Next up is the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich it is braised red pork in a chinese flat bread. It was tasty but a bit on the salty side and was almost half the size of my iphone!   Then my hunny and I split the Shrimp Mojo per the waiter's recommendation. It was packed full or flavor and mouthwatering good. It was $16 for eight pieces.  Again my complaint isn't towards the taste or quality of the food mainly the portions. The service was good we were seated within 10 minutes for a party of eight while other places had hour long wait times. The restaurant decor and arrangement was very chic and trendy. But after loosing my butt in the casino I doubt I'd be able to pay for a substantial lunch here!
176	0	I just got back from Vegas and had a great time at Tao - nice decor, beatiful people, and fun with friends. However, (this applies only to guys)why I give it such a low rating is that their bouncers and dress code are so whacked. If you look like you're too casual, even with a button down short sleeve shirt, they'll turn you away. If you're wearing brown shoes (Steve Madden), they'll also turn you away. If you don't tuck in your shirt (guys), they'll turn you away. WTF is up with that? Our groups of guys had to go back to the room, change shoes and shirts to go back and wait in line again...I think it's just ridiculous...who goes with tucked in shirts to a night club, I'm not going there for work. Oh in addition, if you go with a bunch of guys, you won't be able to get in unless you get a table/bottle service. They only allow 1:1 ratio of girl to guy or more girls and less guys in your group before they let you in.
265	0	NOT A HILTON ANYMORE ! Do not stay at this property. They have been kicked out of the Hilton Brand for poor performance. I had such a bad experience at this hotel that I have been keeping an eye on it. If you call the Honors Desk they will explain the situation. They deserve it too. Save your money and go stay somewhere else or you will be sorry. It is nice to see that Hilton corporate cares about its brand and gave this dump the axe. Thank you Hilton Corporate.
367	0	I had to see what the hype is all about, with the line out the door every single night since it opened up a couple of weeks ago.  Going in, I didn't think the Corral would live up to my expectations.  Coming out, I decided it didn't, and I will not be returning.  And to be honest, if I had to choose, I'd much rather take my money over to Hometown now that it will be less crowded OR starve.   We arrived five minutes to 6, and the line was already out the door.  We waited a good 20 minutes before we made it to the cash register.  We were able to take advantage of the 2 for $20 special.  The promotion starts after 4 pm, Monday thru Thursday.  The third person had to pay the regular price, eh, no big deal.  We were seated fairly quickly after we paid.    Food was just okay, maybe slightly better than HTB, but not by much.  That cotton candy machine brings a nice touch to the dessert station, but it is super sticky that I did not bother with it.  Everything else was overly sweet.    Service was just okay as well.  Our server forgot to refill my brother's soda, and she never bothered to ask if I needed refill with my water.  I think the drink station should be made accessible to make things easier for all of us.    I can't say I was too disappointed with this place as I didn't have high expectations to begin with.  So if you go in with that attitude, then you'll be alright.
1541	0	If you've been to a Vegas buffet this is nothing near it. First impression when I came in on a Tuesday night-- wow ghettttooooo! I've been to many buffets, but the food didn't look appetizing at all. I went for a plate and there were a piece of chocolate cake still stuck on it. Im not normally a germaphobe but that made me check twice on the cutlery. It was soooo busy and packed, it seemed like a refugee camps' cafeteria where people haven't eaten before.   Good:  - good variety for what u pay for - cotton candy - Chocolate fondue  Would I recommend waiting in a long ass line? No way. But again, good value for the money: steak (dry medium rare), ribs(dry), ham (dry), spinach n salad bar fresh. Dessert omg super sweet.
42	1	Absolutely love this place!! I loved the concept of an Asian fusion and everything I ate was delicious! A little upset I came in while somewhat hungover, thanks to open bar at Senor Frogs. I didn't finish my food cause my stomach was still a little upset. BUT, it was BOMB!  Husband and I shared the fried chicken wings. I'm telling you, you'd be a fool not to order them. Best wings I've ever had!! We also shared the salt and pepper garlic fries. Again.. The best ever!!  I ordered the Miyagi-San burger with grilled onions instead of onion rings. The meat was flavored SO WELL and I loved the over easy fried egg.  My husband ordered the Kiki burger and I swear I looked down at my food, then up at his and it was gone. That good!!!
1452	1	Been wanting to come here. Boy...was everything good. The waiters there are all good looking and thin. Lol Anywho..the food was yummy. Was here with my sis and we shared maui onion rings, farm burger, and the fresh roasted chili dawg. Definitely would come back.
1856	0	Fairly nice atmosphere in miracle mile shops at planet Hollywood. Meat was very dry with "generous" amounts of gristle and fat. Meat either needed salt/seasoning or was incredibly salty and tough. Salad bar was mediocre at best. Mostly bland pastas. Every person who drinks Water is charged $1. Never heard of this policy before. They do not serve tap but rather fancy filtered water - this was to justify the $1. Buffet does NOT include any dessert but did include sliced watermelon.  They offered a $20 beverage pkg for one hour but took 20 min to get first drink.  Food is WAY WAY OVERPRICED unless you have a voucher to redeem in which case you can upgrade to meat selections for about $10 per person and then still NOT a good value !   Nice wait staff.
794	0	I would like to know if the food or service is good... I will never know.  My sons wanted chicken wings... Figured we would call ahead to see what the seating situation was like... No answer.  Looked up phone numbers for restaurant.  No answer over 2 hour period of calling at least 6 times.  Called main desk.  They asked extensive questions on when we would come, how many... I was getting tired of this and said, "I'll just place an order for carry-out."  "One moment please.  I will transfer you to the restaurant."  Still no answer.   It must be nice that business is so good on a Sunday that you cannot even pick up the phone.  I guess you don't need my money anyway.
118	0	This has to rate as bad as the Stratosphere buffet, only worse because at least at Stratosphere someone will get you a soda, a refill, and clean up the area around your table.   I was so hungry and didn't feel like walking back to Mirage or Treasure Island, both of which have great food, excellent service, and reasonable prices. So in  a rush to get some food I settled for Flavors. Wow! What a mistake.   Upon walking up to the cashier to pay for my meal, all three cashier continued their conversation, looking at me, saying nothing to me, and talking for over 2 minutes. Finally I said "can I pay here to eat in this buffet" and they looked at me liked I had stolen their kid. Isn't the cashier at the buffet suppose to take your money. And from here it only gets worse.  The hostess seats me at table next to a 80 year old man that has no respect for the space around him, or himself. The piled plates, the newspapers scattered around his table, and the booth on both side of him covered in his thrown about newspapers. The hostess tells me to sit and leaves all the newspaper on my seat. I looked at her like she was crazy and she pushed the papers slightly for my butt to have a clear space.   From here... oh god, the food is disgusting. Fat and grizzle in the roast beef so bad you can't chew it. Old crusted over foods, and empty containers of food everywhere.   After I sit down and eat my food I finish my soda, I say to the waitress can you please get me a diet coke and water. She snaps back..."this isn't my section, I am off." Now she is clearing tables, and is dressed like all the other servers, and she is the only one in my area. So I say.."can you please find the person who is working I would like a diet coke and water." She says, "let me see what I can do."  A trip to get a wilted salad and over 10 minutes later I still have no soda. So I ask to see the manager. This buffet was $28. I have no problem with paying $28 to get a decent meal and decent service. Flavors is far from decent anything. Stay away it's a dump.
1334	1	With over 2,000 reviews, I am not sure that there is much that I can add.  But I do want to make one suggestion to Yelpers:  Please, please, PLEASE look at the Northern Thai section of the menu.  While the rest of the menu is very, very good (especially loved the Garlic Prawns and Sea Bass on Drunken noodles), the Northern Thai section offers dishes that you won't find at most Thai restaurants.  We had two standouts, both based on recommendations of our very attentive waiter.  The first was Kang Ka Noon, which is jackfruit in a spicy curry sauce.  An article on NPR says that these are the largest tree fruit in the world, reaching up to 100 lbs each, and high in protein, potassium, and vitamin B2 (and yes, they are quite an interesting looking fruit).  However, when it is cut up and put into a dish, the jackfruit has the consistency of an artichoke heart.  Smooth, creamy and delicious.  And the curry sauce adds the perfect spice to balance the simple sweetness of the fruit.  The second dish was Khao Soi, a curried, egg noodle dish (with Burmese flavor influences) that we had with chicken.  Much like Pho has its salad accompaniment, so does Khao Soi:  onions, mustard greens, and lime.  Oh my goodness was this dish fantastic.  It was clearly the hit of the night.  So if you are an adventurous foodie (and you likely are if you are reading reviews in Yelp), step away from the traditional and go right for the Northern part of the menu.  You will not be sorry.
1233	1	Not so secret as people would say but the pizza is really good.  Open 24 hours and I found it to be the busiest after club hours.  There will be a long line through their hallway and out into the hotel.  I won't wait but I've seen people wait over an hour for the pizza.  Thin crust pizza with a tasty sauce and they never skimp on the cheese.
37	1	We have long anticipated having dinner here and with all the hype over Gordon's celebrity and the Hell's Kitchen competition, it did not let us down. The service was exceptional: from giving us an ipad with the drink menu on it allowing us to email ourselves information on the wine we drank; to cleaning the table of crumbs and replacing the cutlery between each course; to placing our plates of food on the table simultaneously with 2 servers. The food was fantastic. Melt in your mouth, and even though we were stuffed we had to have the toffee pudding which was to die for! We will visit again on our next trip to Vegas!
1377	0	Attitude doesn't get tips. They charged to watch a fight. Once you're in, they charge to allow to be seated to eat.  I didnt want to be charged to be seated so we went to the outside bar under a heater. The table in front of us didn't get a working heater so the waiter decides to take the one we were comfortably standing under.  Wow just because we didnt pay the Extra $$ ! Really?!?! I explained to the waiter he didnt need to take the heater we were under becuase as they said "first come first serve" I guess we need to pay for the heater too! How much?? I already paid $50 per bucket of beers (x2 so far). Purchased food, .... anything else we gotta pay for?
279	0	First time trying this place. The things I liked are the sides bar (pasta, salad, mashed potatoes). I didn't like that we were charged for fancy "bottled" water that we didn't know about until the bill came and noticed the bottle was already opened and my cousin said it tasted like tap water. So since we paid for it we asked could we take the bottle and we were told "sure for $12" we passed.   Then we were told there was 12 different selections of meat we counted about 8 and really only had about 3 (ham, tri tip, ny steak) ham was the best to be honest. We didn't like rare or medium rare so we waited quite a long time to get ours well done. So after waiting for awhile we just called it quits. I don't think it's worth the price luckily we had a buy one get one free but still seemed too pricey for what you get. Safe to say my first and last visit.
1970	0	If you are accustomed to staying at the quintessential Vegas resort such as the Wynn, MGM, Aria, or even the Monte Carlo then you will have a lot of compromises. Casino smoke hits you as you walk through the door, the bathroom tub did not drain easily (although they did send someone to fix it quickly), and the room service sent us 8 wings when we ordered 10. A friends room smelled of mold and our view was of a dumpster and gorgeous Tropicana parking lot. If you want some cheap Vegas thrills such as a cheap room, $3 and $5 black jack that is close to the strip then this may work for you. Remember that in Vegas you get what you pay for.
718	0	For the decor, ambiance, and music I'd give it 5 stars. For the rude staff, overly cramped space, and admission fee, despite being escorted in by a promoter friend, this place gets 2 stars.  Came here once with a large group of friends who were all on the guestlist. Our promoter friend was generous enough to help get us all in, but a few of us came through maybe 10 min after the first group. Due to our ratio, and despite our friend talking to the bouncers, the guys still had to pay $30 to get in. Whack!   Later on, I got yelled out by a bouncer "for being extremely rude" because I hopped over ledge to try an get to the dance floor, only because there was ZERO walking spaces in the accessible hallways. Maybe he should have done a better job clearing the hallway.  One perk of the night was that Tao Beach was open, which is awesome for cooling down and there's a huge sofa bed to just chill, or get ridiculously bouncy and slizzard.  Definitely best to get in before 11, because once that time hits, you're going to want to leave because there's no space or room to do anything in the club
1972	0	First time at restaurant and got a deal for dinner on Groupon for $65.00. I made reservations for 7:15. We got to the restaurant at 7:05 checked in with the front and they told me it would be about 10 minutes. No problem we went and walked out in front entrance for there was no seating inside but stood by the entrance. We had been waiting for about 15 minutes and walked back to check if they had our table. The front desk asked me for my name again and said have a seat. About another 15 min go by and they finally called our name and the host had told me they called my name already and another guest had taken our reservation and was seated. No big deal it happens. We waited almost 10 minutes for a server to come to our table. He just took our drink order and walked away. We sat there not knowing what to do here and how it worked. He finally came back after a long time had passed with our drinks and explained what we were to do. Salad bar was very delicious but I was not too happy about the meat carvers. We only had 4 to 5 different carvers to table and 2 was the same meat. We has one serving of shrimp/salmon and one serving of pineapple. We were there for an hour and a half from time of checking in and eating. I would never pay full price for this place for customer service is terrible. The salmon was absolutely terrible. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
1639	1	Very pleased with the high quality of the meats.  We ordered the Prime Kalbi, Korean Prime Kalbi (marinated), Beef Toro (brisket), Flat Iron Garlic steak, Bulgogi, bacon wrapped Enoki mushrooms and Jap Chae.  The meats were fresh and tender.  Brisket had very little fat for a change.  The Jap Chae glass noodles with beef is BIG and delicious.  Good value.
665	1	Absolutely incredible! Food and service was on point! The single slices are huge and a great price. The owner is laid back and very friendly it was an awesome atmosphere and even better food. The crust was crunchy and the sauce was a tad bit sweet, will be back every time I'm in Vegas.   The place in on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel down an unmarked hall that's lined with record covers.  Go getchu some.
1850	0	WORST PLACE EVER.   I was hungry and wanted a drink and an outdoor place to sit. My boyfriend and I sat down and ordered two margaritas. $12 per. - that isn't the bad part.   Because I was desperate for a snack I ordered the cheapest appetizer on the menu- chips and salsa for $8!   EIGHT DOLLARS! For nachos you would get free anywhere else. And they were so greasy I couldn't eat them. You have to understand I love junky food, but this was SO bad. Just disgusting.   This place gets one star because I HAVE to give it something to rate it.  In all fairness, the server was nice and the location is good (across from the Bellagio fountain) but save your money and buy a 6-pack, some tostitos and sit out on the sidewalk if you want a good view of the show.   Is this what you wanted, Sammy Hagar?
29	1	This place is ridiculously good. I do not hunk that I've had anything bad here.  The burgers are great, my favs are the spicy miso, and the kalbi. The pork belly and duck buns are great. People really like the oxtail chili fries, but they are not my favorite becaus the chili is too sweet and I can't really taste the oxtail a which I love. Service is always decent, never have a complaint
908	1	Being that I stay at the Cosmo now (yes they won me over from Palazzo/Harrah's) I always make it a point to stop at this spot. Lunch or Dinner I think it beats all the high end restaraunts in the Cosmo...especially for the price. The Tapas joint has salty foods, the sushi joint is just ok, Comme Ca - I have yet to try. The cafe on the ground floor is good if you can beat the line.  Now DO NOT go here after the clubbing hours. Its madness, the pies get picked up almost immediately and it takes forever to get a couple slices because people just want something in there tummies to take the buzz off or kill the hangover that is going to come the next night.   GIven its next to Marquee - all the clubbers will hit this spot immediately after partying.  I have met the chef here, and he was real friendly as is most of the staff (Unless its post clubbing time - which is crunchtime for them)! I recommend the white cheese pizza and a simple Pepperoni. But if its late - good luck whatever comes out of the oven first is what you are going to get - but alas - the pies here are all good. I have tried 5 or 6 flavors and none have dissapointed me.   Here's a secret - if you are staying at the Cosmo you can order a whole Pizza and they will deliver it to your room. It takes about 45-1 hour but it beats waiting in line with the rest of the drunkies!
1336	0	This is one of the worst buffets in Las Vegas. And they have extremely high prices for the quality of food. I have now tried it about 4 times and every time I say NEVER AGAIN. This time...I mean it. Unless they show some serious transformation, I will never return. I like to try a buffet every now and then in Vegas. I have been to some exceptional ones. This isn't one of them. Try Caesar's Palace, Wynn, or Bellagio. This place is horrible. Trust me. I stay at Mandalay Bay every time, and am so disappointed by the quality of this buffet. The food is almost inedible. I wouldn't spend $5 to eat here. I would rather go to Golden Corral.
83	1	One of the best New York style pizzas I've ever had. This place really is a secret in that it's probably impossible to find unless you ask someone. It's down this remote corridor with no signage or anything. There was also a bit of a line, but boy the pizza was worth every minute of the wait.  The slices are a decent size and the flavor is awesome. the crust is beautifully crispy. I would eat the crust by itself as a loaf of bread. That's the secret to an awesome pizza in the first place. Add to that flavorful fresh ingredients and you have a winner.  Just an FYI - don't expect a restaurant type setting. There are a couple of bar stools, but basically it's a take it to go type of place. Again, the win is in the food itself. Really good.  I highly recommend Secret Pizza to anyone visiting the Vegas Strip.
1572	1	Best french toast EVER!!!! OMG I'm still dreaming of coming back just for the breakfast French Toast! How do you guys make it Bouchon? I really want to know? Pretty please?! You guys just ruined every french toast that I'm about to eat after this.  No french toast would ever be the same.  Thank you!
969	1	heard that Anthony Bourdain had visited so we stopped by on recent trip to Vegas. AMAZING food. and even more amazing wine list. both pretty surprising given nondescript location and underwhelming exterior. be sure to order something you have never had before to take advantage of the regional specialities offered that you won't see anywhere else.
1599	1	Best Thai food in Vegas! People take trips here via taxis from the Strip.   Food is dee-lish with a wide range of wine. I eat a lot of Thai food from LA to NY and this place sticks out!  Featured in Top Chef Master (Las Vegas). When I saw this episode, I was hollaaaaa-ing "I was there!!". This place is excellent and always packed. Way worth the trip; try everything! Come hungry.  Food: Sea bass with Pad Kee Mao (5/5) Drinks: 2 full cups of the best Thai tea everrrr!! (6/5)
415	1	Every trip to Vegas, it is a MUST for us to stop here and eat! This place is AMAZING, everything on the menu is worth trying....  Now, the service.... if I could offer Carol Anne 20 stars, I WOULD! She is super sweet, always with a smile. We are a large family....11 of us!!! Some waiters/waitresses don't like or fear a large crowd...but she took us all with the biggest smile ever!!!!  it's service like that, that makes this delicious experience....PERFECT!!!
1966	1	Bouchon was the last on our list of restaurants to try before we flew home, so we came here for brunch.  I wish it would've been the first on our list because I would've been here everyday for every meal.  Let me start off with the hostess, who just went above and beyond.  We had our luggage (carry on sized) with us and instead of us dragging them around to our seats, she lugged our heavy bags and checked them for us.  Once seated, she even took my messenger bag and placed it in the seat next to me so it wouldn't get dirty on the floor.  The waiter service was all smiles - I don't remember a time when our waiter came by and he didn't smile.  I ordered the Croque Madame, which was good.  My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles - that dish is amazing.  The chicken was delicious and the waffles were light, crispy and airy.  We also ordered some of their pastries, which I highly recommend as well.  I just wish I'd seen their daily pastry specials prior to ordering what was on their menu.  Make sure you know what's available for the day, they have chalkboards on the walls.  What a fantastic little bistro.  I only wish I could have savored everything they had to offer.
1402	0	Riviera is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in my life. I've traveled around US and Europe and stayed at hotels of different range, but this one stands out the most, sadly for it, in a bad way.   I got a deal on Groupon, and we paid $54 per studio room/day which wasn't a quite usual studio. It was just a room with an empty fridge, non functional TV and toilet, bed bugs, loud conditioner, dirty linens, the most horrible service and most importantly ROBBERY. And i was charged $34 upon my check out (taxes+resort fee per 2 days).  So we checked in at 5 pm and went down to the strip by Monorail, which was quite expensive and within 15 min walk from the hotel.  We got back to the hotel around midnight and found my husband's backpack and my purse stolen from the room. First I couldn't believe it, the reality was too hard to believe. Besides my husband's birthday just started minutes ago after we found his stuff stolen along with his passport. We called the security right away. It took them a while before they finally came to the room and gave us the report sheets. They seemed pretty helpful although they said they are just the third party and hotel risk management will contact us in 5-7 business days from the day of our report. It's been over a month and no one has contacted us, so I decided to do it myself. The risk management "doesn't discuss camera information" and all they said no one has entered our room, according to entry key system. I've got no words to express my disappointment. Do yourself a huge favor and NEVER EVER STAY at this hotel !!!
811	1	If I could eat their Fried Chicken Benedict ever day I would.  It was incredible.  Loads of fried chicken, eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuits were piled on this plate and covered with the most amazing sauce.  It is easily large enough for 2 average people to share (Or one really really hungry person to attempt).  This thing was a monster.  I was starving when i went in, and I love to eat.  I consider it one of my greatest skills.  This plate of food was too much for even me to handle (but it was so good I kept eating until I hated myself).    The restaurant itself was nice and the bar area where we ate was pretty quite.  Definitely will be back the next time I am in Vegas.
974	1	Love the texture of the crust and the constantly different kind of pizza popping out of there oven. W were the first one to get there.  Ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of sausage and peppercino. Then went back after that a split a slice of a different kind of sausage and ricotta pizza. Big groups I recommend maybe getting a whole pie and customizing it.
616	1	Great restaurant.We came for dinner,about 10 minutes before it opened,and there was already a long queue there.  The food is good,we ordered garlic prawns,green curry with beef,fried sea bass with sweet and sour sauce.I highly recommend the green curry,always my favorite.
905	1	Be prepared to wait, or make a reservation! We had a great experience. We did not make a reservation, so had a drink at the bar while we waited.   Atmosphere was typical of an old school Asian restaurant. There seemed to be no dresscode, as people were both very casual and somewhat formal.   Food was amazing - fresh and flavourful. Service was friendly and relatively quick. Would definitely recommend.
530	0	Let me start by saying this is my first negative review on yelp, and its because i dont want you to waste your money like us. I dont even know how this place has 3 stars. Nothing was even good about it. Our server waS good i feel bad he has to work for such a low quality restaurant. Save yo money people for a awesome brazilian steakhouse like texas de brasil
272	0	what?!?!? really it is the hilton!!!! so many things went wrong! first we originally booked a king gave us a double... then they switched us out the next day only to have a clogged tub!!! then the room they switched us out.. people were still occupying it!! so the last room they gave us.. sink didn't work, tub was dripping really badly, and the phone didn't work!!! by then we were way exhausted to change rooms!!! the hallways were dirty! the rooms were dusty!!! etc!!! WE HATED IT!
1515	1	One of my favorite places we are in Vegas! The bread they give out is great. I got a salad and my fianc got Beef Wellington. We split butter cake for dessert. Everything was delicious and the price was great for the amount of food you get. Next time we are in Vegas, we'll definitely be back!
77	1	The Gold Standard burger lives up to its name and more. Possibly the best burger that I have ever had in my life!  Their shakes are a fun treat as well. The Apple Pie is one of my faves, with real bits of apple, making it literally taste like they shoved an entire pie in a blender with some rum and ice cream and served it in a giant glass. Also, they give you the extras, so you're really having 2 milkshake glasses instead of one. A tiny girl like me can take one down and be content for the rest of the evening.  Here's a fun tip for you club-goers: Head to Marquee early and get your stamp. Once you're in, get your drank/dance on for a bit and then leave to go to Holsteins downstairs for a mid-club snack. When you're done, go back upstairs to Marquee's re-entry line and dance the burger/night away. Best way to spend a night in Vegas.
1721	1	A friend of mine recommended it to me and we went to the location on West Sahara Avenue and it was delicious! This location was closer but still the service was great and food was on point. All the burgers have their own special taste. We had to pace ourselves. Their ketchup is something you have to try as well.
526	1	Tell me where you can get a burger and ramen at the same time?  Zippy's? no you lolo, Zippy's has saimin, not ramen!  lol   If you're a fan of either a burger or ramen, come here.  If you're a fan of both, bring extra money lol. You could feed yourself in appetizers alone, but the Ramen and Burgers are something extra special here. Come hungry and don't be afraid to explore the menu, everything is onolicious.
1436	1	If you are in Vegas you must make Bouchon a stop on your list. Bouchon was actually one of the main reasons I chose to stay at the Venetian and beyond that it was the reason I chose further to stay in the Venezia tower.   I chose to try Bouchon for breakfast one morning and was blown away by the authenticity of this Thomas Keller establishment. Having been to Paris on occasion I can attest to this authenticity. Their croissant were better than perfect and maybe better than having one in Paris. Did I just say that?    I had the Croque Madame and Frites and it was again perfect. Just like the ones I have gotten for a quick breakfast in Paris at small bakeries. While I was eating in Bouchon we even had a French family dining nearby. No joke if I didn't know I would think I was in Paris. It was awesome.    Please promise me that you will try Bouchon. Even if just to stop by the bakery and grab a croissant. We were able to try two styles they offered; chocolate almond and strawberry. Yum delicious!
207	0	Stay away!!! Being from the Pacific Northwest, I am a bit of a seafood snob. But the prawns they served were putrid. The chicken thighs were overcooked. As were the garlic Sirloin. Vastly overpriced! Just not worth the $125 for 2. And they give you a coupon to show you how much you are saving. What a joke. One of the most unpleasant dining experiences I have had in years.
859	1	came here twice on my honeymoon.  such a delicious breakfast.  hard to go wrong here.  especially when you order the lyonnaise potatoes on the side.  the strawberry croissant is so delicious, i am still thinking about it.  luckily you can order it also at the separate bouchon bakery in the venentian.  love the quiche lorriane and the french toast.  it was all divine.
1128	1	I stopped in after all the positive reviews, I must say it was right on par. The food was good, banana nut muffin was great, and the staff was awesome! It's actually the great staff that took the 4 star food rating to a 5 star overall diner rating. Thanks guys!
1923	0	Casino review only: Ya this is an old casino but I was in there a couple of days ago and they seem to have refurbished it some.  It was a good place to gamble and the staff was all friendly & helpful.  Food court was pretty good, great pizza, and pinball hall of fame annex is a nice distraction.  I liked the Riv for both it's history and the effort they're making to make it nicer.  Sadly in late 2012 & 13 my visits weren't so nice.  Drink service is non existent in casino and bars are understaffed with surly bartenders.  Riv is typical of a dying property and it's a shame, so much history here :-(
79	1	The service was awesome; very fast, helpful, cheerful, and polite! And the food was absolutely delicious. I visited this place twice during one visit to Vegas bc I couldnt get enough of it :) My favorite was the Drunken Sea Bass, Red Curry, pork larb, and the mint duck... all reasonably priced. I know thai food and this is it, yum.
1189	1	While in Vegas I wanted to hit up one of Ramseys restaurants, so we dropped in to Burgr for lunch. We were seated fast and our waiter was amazing, he was on top of it the whole time, we never ran out of drink, and our apps arrived super fast. It's good to have such friendly service in a town that is running at 100 mph. We got the truffle fries, a must try. Sliders are great and the farm burger is on my list of favorites now. That duck bacon is pretty damn good.
1268	1	Went there for the first time, tonight, with a friend. In a word, awesome! Had the number 55, which was beef and I think Cilantro and some other stuff I can't remember, but it was amazing. Had the yellow curry with chicken as well, both dishes done to a number 2 out of 10 heat level. I'd been told they really crank up the heat and so we went for a low number. Turns out I could have gone up several notches with that, but even at level 2 there was definitely some spice and flavor.   Anyway, great food, friendly and prompt service, and I will absolutely be going there again.
833	1	Going into my dinner here at Shake Shack, I never thought anything would come close to my love for In N' Out Burger. Much to my surprise, Shake Shack came close and even surpassed In N' Out in several ways!  Service: Sorry, but In N' Out wins for service. When we arrived at Shake Shack there was a very long line, which wasn't a problem because it gave us time to discuss the menu (prominently displayed on a large wall right when you walk in). The line moved fast and soon enough it was our turn; however, the woman who took our order was ornery and short with us. B-  Decor: I LOVED the ambience and decor in Shake Shack. We snagged a spot on the large bar table in the center of the restaurant (shared by up to fifteen diners) and had a great view over the open kitchen and large flat screen TVs. I noticed couches, tables, and benches all throughout Shake Shack. A+  Food: We waited about 8-10 minutes for our food (as expected, given the large amount of people). It was well worth the wait! The burger patties were absolutely DIVINE. If you are looking for fresh and juicy, order the Shack Burger. I can't say enough good things about the patties. The only problem I had was that I asked for a lettuce-wrapped burger, and instead I got a patty on top of a slice of lettuce (making for quite a messy meal). In N' Out wins for food presentation and sauce but as much as it pains me to say it, Shake Shack has the better patty. A+  For three burgers (with added bacon), a side of fries, and a mango lemonade, it came to about $25.   Shake Shack definitely deserves the five stars.
142	0	I wanted to love this restaurant..., I truly did because I heard Jose Andres was the Chef owner and as a DC resident I love anything Jose Andres!! One night my girl friends got take out after a long day of partying but her sister is a foodie so the fact she said her Seafood noodle dish didn't have lobster and it's $50 and then  said her food was  not  good, I became  worried because I was really excited about eating there. So Saturday after a long day at A Cedric Gervais pool party, hungover and starving we went to eat here and the food was not good at all. It was salty it tasted like MSG and I felt sick after my meal. I wouldn't be too excited to eat here again . Sooooo Disappointed :/
822	0	Not worth the price after having been to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio Hotel & Casino.  This buffet was (key word, "was") rated the #1 buffet in Vegas but since the rating, there have been a whole group of buffets that have outdone this place.  This restaurant is mediocre at best.  Also, service is very spotty.  Once you go Carnival World Buffet, you don't go back!
184	1	This place was a bit of a surprise. I was not expecting so much flavor from the basic white cheese slice. Yeah it is tucked away down some hall took my group about 20 minutes to find it. We were walking right passed it. But that single slice was worth it.
25	0	worst place ever... don't ever go.... we decided to take a chance and go in .... looked like a fun place to have breakfast/lunch.... never again... the wait was for 90 minutes even though they said 30 minutes and omg one of the girls in the front needs to get hired.. worst serve ever... she was very rude and people would walk up to her to ask a question and she would just ignore them....  after all that wait the food wasnt even good... just a freaken waste of time... dont waste your time by going in
748	1	This is probably one of the best (if not the best) Thai places I've been to. I make it a point to visit Lotus of Siam every time I visit LV. Please *please* order something special off their expansive menu, and not just stick with the ho-hum. The flavors are multifaceted, and not just overpowered by one spice... Though I do have one story to tell.....  So, I ate here once a couple of years ago with my wife and our Joisey friends. Everyone else were pansies and ordered a "3" or "4" spiciness for their dishes, and of course I ordered an "8" for my Kang Hoh - a stir-fry pork dish with different veggies sprinkled about. I was having the greatest time with it... until I bit into this orange pepper. It took about half a second before my whole body went berserk. Apparently, if you order an "8", they cook the dish with habaneros, then they were supposed to take it out. But they missed one. Let's just say that this lone pepper hurt me again and again for the next 12 hours. And I was the butt of all jokes for the rest of the trip.
1187	0	A little bit of a let down:( the sweet potato fries were cold and had to be sent back. The chicken wings were also cold...the chili was good. The frozen hot chocolate was good but nothing to rave about. Service was nice and friendly  - nice location and atmosphere... However probably won't go back again. Very disappointed
1284	1	This is the best Korean restaurant I've ever been!!!!!!!! The side dishes are great; the appetizers are awesome; the BBQ meat is so fresh and juicy.   We ordered steamed egg, chicken karage, and tuna kimbap for starters. Omgosh, they were all a fantastic. We ordered scallops, Korean prime kalbi, sweet corn, and enoki with bacon. I have never had such great kalbi before. The meat is so juicy and palatable, and I ate the meat with the sesame veggies in the house... it's like a taste of heaven.   Recommend recommend recommend!!!!
595	1	This place is pretty cool and pretty delicious.  It reminds me of some of my favorite restaurants in San Diego -- delicious twists on your everyday food (philly cheese steak spring rolls and truffle lobster mac n cheese?!?) and of course a huge beer selection.  Despite the huge temptation that the appetizer menu drew, I'd picked this place with burgers in mind and so I stuck with burgers and wasn't disappointed.  The Gold Standard Burger (beef sirloin, bacon, goat cheese, tomato confit, arugula & garlic-chive aioli) was excellent and cooked to medium perfection.  I payed a bit extra to have sweet potato fries instead of the shoestring, and though they were tasty I preferred the shoe string that I got to try off my boyfriends' plate.  The burger in addition to being a hefty portion was also flavorful in every way.  I was HUGELY satisfied.  Also tried the yummy artichoke guacamole (served with fresh made pita chips).  The atmosphere is kind of urban/trendy with fun, bright colored paintings on the walls.  The wait wasn't long on a Sunday afternoon (no one ahead of our large party, we just had to wait until the staff got a table together).  We had a hot waitress and plenty of other people walking around to bus tables and refill drinks and waters.  The whole experience was worth five stars and I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again.
852	0	Our server Norma was very friendly and responsive to our request.    Ordered the huevos rancheros, the presentation was great the food was just ok. My dish tasted like the Mexican pizza from Taco Bell.  For the price I was definitely expecting more flavor.   We asked for hot sauce and were offered Tabasco. Two thumbs down.
1669	0	At the Cravings buffet located at the Mirage in Las Vegas and we found this piece of rubber glove in our food! An apology and a refund was offered, however the manager on duty "Ms Anderson" was very rude when she saw that we were posting this.  I think the worst part was as we we're leaving a "chef" came running up with a rubber glove and said " look this isn't even one of our gloves, this must have come from the proceeding plant". So this thing went from the processing plant to the hotel buffet, cooked/reheated, then presented for serving and nobody noticed? We are glad we didn't find the piece of finger that was probably in the glove end!
261	1	Heaven!  We had an absolutely delicious meal here for my birthday!  Here is a quick rundown of each item and our overall opinions:  1) Cheese plate- fabulous and large portions of several cheeses including cow and goat.  Served with delicious grain crackers and raw honey. 2) Foie Gras- buttery and delicious, paired with toasted baguettes. 3) Steak and Frites- Delicious cut of meat, cooked to an exact medium rare and paired with a huge side of tasty fries! 4) Roasted Chicken- Perfectly crisped skin and tender meat with a savory sauce.  5) Lemon Tart- Was rich, creamy, and very well balanced.    All of the portions are huge at Bouchon and the service is outstanding.
1251	0	My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch today. We wanted to see what all the fuss was about. Neither one of us was impressed. I had to choke, literally choke down my sliders, then was nauseous the rest of the evening. Buns, were soggy, meat tasted old. Fries were of the frozen variety, not evenly cooked or seasoned. We paid roughly $10 for the #2 and shared it.. let's just say I can get a steak and lobster for that price in town and not be sick or disappointed. We can say we've  scratched it off of our bucket list, but will not be back.
651	0	I think that I didn't have the experience I should have had - if I were in NYC. I've never been to S3 in NYC but I imagine that its less Disneyland-ish with long lines and expensive drinks that taste bad.   Next time I'm in NYC I'll try the real deal.
778	0	Let's just get straight to the point...  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but the ramen that they had there wasn't the finest I've had. It had me regretting my decision to get it and wanting the tan tan noodles that were next to me and the ceviche that was across the table. The broth was watery with some greasy in it. It was just too salty. I'll pass next time on the ramen and just get something....less complicated.
1733	0	I've had way better buffets in Vegas, and this was definitely not one I'd go back to. Let's start with the positives: the buffet was clean, circling around the tables in the eating area, and separated into a large variety of different cuisines. The prime rib and pastas were mediocre, and the gelato was yummy. That was about as far as the positives went. The bread (or is it?) was hard and crumbled into flakes when I took a bite. The sushi (or their attempt at one) was hard, so it was futile to even use a fork to pick it up. Our server was inattentive and seemed annoyed when we had to ask for drink refills. Now I know the lines outside better buffets are there for a reason; there was no line at Cravings and the tables were mostly empty on the Friday evening we went.
680	1	I grew up in Montana. I know a good burger when I sink my teeth into it. Imagine my surprise when the best burger I've ever had the opportunity to experience (at a restaurant,) came from Vegas.  The kobe beef burger is worth every penny. The service is great, Sin City beer is good. There can be a bit of a wait, depending on when you get there, but it's worth it.  Doesn't quite compare to the fresh burgers my dad used to make, but it comes damn close.  If you love burgers, you have to check out the Burger Bar.
587	1	I live in Henderson, so this review is from a local.  I looked up what time they opened so I could be first in line for a take out for our lunch order. Looked up the distance and time so as to arrive around 15 minutes early. So I'm standing there and a bmw pulls up and sits right there in front of the entrance and of course leaves their engine on to run the a/c as it's around 100F out. The fumes started to bug me so when I saw one of the employees I knocked on the glass door and asked to sit inside (even though they weren't open yet) and he immediately let me in around 10 minutes early! One star.  I sat and people started coming in before anyone was seated, and I didn't feel like standing just to be first. When they started seating, the guy said ok, who's first (second star) and I stood, walked past the other people and said I'd like to make a take out order.  I just got two cheeseburgers and an order of fries. He asked me if I wanted L / T / O (lettuce, tomatoes, onions) and I said yes, how would you like them cooked? One well done, one medium. I forgot to tell them to burn my fries - I like them really crunchy. Oh well, next time.  The order took around 15 minutes or so (third star). The fourth and fifth star was for the first bite of my bachi burger. The bun is thin, so you don't have to unhinge your jaw to get a full bite. The burger is just tasty and juicy and I got l / t / o with every bite. Fries were good (crunchy next time!). For the fries, I'm in love with their pineapple ketchup. And they marked one well done!  Location: right off the 215, a couple cross streets down Windmill.  Total was $24 with change.
311	1	If you are looking for an authentic French experience, this is it.  We ate here for breakfast and it was like I was sitting in a cafe in Paris.  All the details (artisan baguette, mustard on the table, serving pitchers) made it feel very French.  Rosemary was our server and she was wonderful!
251	1	I like hide and seek and here is a place I think I could hide forever without being found AND they have pizza! Perfect!   My girlfriends had never been in here before so I took them to the secret location and they were already in a trance by all the vintage album covers lining the wall. Once inside we discover we are the only girls so that always helps.   The guys working behind the counter were down to earth and super sweet. I ordered the slice of white pizza and they put a cold tomato on it once it comes out of the oven. The pizza guy was real cool so I think the slice was around $3 and I tipped him $7. As I am approaching cougar age I find I tip younger guys more.....First sign of a cougar, maybe? Shhh. Let's not talk about it.   Back to the pie. Hot damn that was good. I could have pounded down four more slices easily. The garlic, the cheese and the contrast of the cold tomato worked wonders in my mouth. I also tried a bite of the cheese slice with red sauce. Also dynamite.   I'm hooked on this place. I have spent big bucks on a couple of  Cosmo's fine dining restaurants and I have to say the best meal I have had came from the secret pizza place.... I will be back. Oh yes, I will be back.
1949	1	Hung over and tired of all the buffets and expensive overrated eateries on The Strip? Well...Hash House a Go Go might just be what you're looking for! It's located off The Strip, but it's a great place for breakfast and brunch.  I came here with a fairly large party and we were seated almost immediately. With a table full of foodies, we decided to order several dishes to share. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything, which was fantastic! Some of the dishes that we ordered included the following: HH Famous Meatloaf, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, Corned Beef House Hash, Griddled French Toast, Roasted Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken and Waffles. My favorite was the Griddled French Toast; it was airy and fluffy, with a nice crisp at the edges. It included baked bananas drizzled with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup. The combination was absolutely orgasmic and I highly recommend it! Another dish that stood out was the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The benedict came with sort of scrambled eggs, versus the typical poached egg that I am used to. It was different, but delicious. The chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce was unique and flavorful.  The portions were humungous and very nicely presented. Their drinks are also a hit too--especially their kiwi watermelon lemonade and various mimosas! Our waitress was patient and courteous too, so don't forget to visit this place the next time you're in town!
765	0	Meh~~~ Been here once during the 4th of July Weekend There are better Buffets out there. Pricewise, it is okay, compared to other buffets and prices.  Quality of food, pretty low, and not that great.  Mexican/"Latino" (Paella, 1 type of empanada, tacos, fajitas etc), Pasta (you can ask to be made, 2-3 options of noodles), Seafood (a bit fishy, but okay), "Chinese" Food (not that great, noodles soggy, and fried spring rolls soggy), Prime rib steak (it was great, not too dry, or hard), pastries/cookies/ice cream.   Servers were a bit laggy... but not that bad. very nice servers, working so hard.  it takes a bit to take away your used plates.
445	0	When the bread basket arrived filled with hot, flakey, tender, and tasty biscuits, we had high hopes for the rest of our meal. Sadly, they ended up the best part.   If you do go, expect a wonderful view of the city lights and a loud, lively environment, but don't come for the food.   Biscuits: awesome - they deserve applause. Snake: too tough to chew. (Yes, we tried it.) Salad: swimming in the dressing and tomato was spongey. Potato Skins: cold and strange flavor. Ribs: they were not falling-off-the-bone. The steak knife could barely separate one rib from the other. They were lukewarm with ho-hum flavor. Corn: mushy Green Beans: fine Surprise Cotton Candy: cute and sweet  We were looking forward to a great experience, but left feeling like the smell of the steer manure at the entrance should have been a premonition: The food stinks, too!
1801	1	Waited about an hour, and I say it was worth it.  We did have a party of 7, so it took longer for us to get seated.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries which were really good, and the fried egg on top was the kicker.  I got the Miyagi burger, and a couple other people got the crabby patty.  Burgers and service were good.  Will definitely come back when we are in vegas again.
1003	0	This hotel was an absolute disappointment. We paid a great price online but walked into a room that was run down and raggedy. There was black mold on the outside of the bath tub and mysterious yellow goo on the bathroom door. My husband is allergic to dust mites, so the two inch layer of dust underneath the headboard of the bed almost sent him into an asthma attack. I complained every morning I was there, but they didnt do much. The only electrical outlet with enough outlets to charge my phones did not work. The bathroom light was broken and the closet door did not open and close. I will never stay here again.
592	1	Came here on the hype.  Definitely a good choice for breakfast.  Portions were massive!!!! Went with the chicken and waffles. It was delicious. Fried chicken and bacon filled waffles with fried leek.  I also tried Andy's sage chicken eggs benedict. It had a nice flavor to it. Service was good too.  They were friendly and catering. I do recommend this spot.
310	1	This was by far the pinnacle of my dining experiences so far. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was very different from the norm but delicious and refreshing with the cucumber cocktail sauce. The shrimp were huge and meaty. We also ordered the American filet and the wellington. My friend likes her steak well done and even at that the filet was cooked so well that you could cut it with a fork. The wellington was delicious. The only thing I would do differently next time is for a light touch on the truffles. We split the mac and cheese as a side and, while it was very different, it was delicious.  The service was stellar. Our waiter Anthony took care of our every need and was so patient and knowledgeable about the menu. This was serious the best dining experience I've ever had. Money well spent and I'm glad I did it.
267	1	Great place near Mandalay's casino. The burgers are really good. I got the burger medium on ciabatta with an egg and jalapeno bacon. Super delicious! The onion rings were also really good - cooked perfectly. I love the customized burger and am craving to go back!
1427	1	We went to this eating place on the recommendation of a friend.  The portions are HUGE and very tasty.  It is like country cooking in the city - great biscuits, mashed potatoes, chicken and meatloaf.  We didn't have a chance to eat breakfast, but we will definitely go back the next time we are in town.
820	1	Since we were a bit pressed for time, we ate in the bar which serves the entire menu.  My group of 5 each ordered different burgers and everyone tried them all - ultimately everyone thinking their burger was the best LOL.  But really, mine was the best - I got the Asian burger (don't remember name)...it was divine.  Fries and rings are great.  Grown up milkshakes were awesome.  Definitely coming here again!
1467	0	The minute you walk up to this hotel, you can smell sewage. It was really gross and all around the entrances. Once you walk in, it's like instantly stepping back into 1970's. You can see why some scenes of the movie "Casino" were filmed here. It is very OLD, smelly, outdated and run down. We would NEVER stay there, but saw swarms of people (most with children) checking in/out. It is very cheap ($30+/- per night) and you get what you pay for. We would never gamble, eat or sleep here, but if you want to see what an old Vegas hotel look like back then, you may find it interesting!
63	1	Was awesome. Was told an hour & 20 minute wait. Waited for 45. Didn't have to stand there, they texted us when our table was ready so we could walk around the mall. We were seated promptly and the waiter was really kind. Soon as I seen the Farm Burger, I knew I HAD to get it. Duck bacon, cheddar & a fried egg. Food came out really fast I was shocked being that they were really busy. Everything was so good. I should've gotten two. Great experience.
904	1	We Americans are a funny group...don't mess with our country or our burgers! East Coast VS West Coast, gosh how did it come to this? The burger bar is set so high nowadays with each new burger joint trying to out do the other. Enjoying a burger is so subjective, it really is all about what you personally like. Its sort of similar to whether you like your margarita with or without salt, there is no right or wrong answer here people!    I personally am a burger purist and I don't like anything other than the old fashioned Cheeseburger with LTO. Well Shake Shack has officially turned me around. A burger thats topped with a Cheese Stuffed Portobello Mushroom?! WTH?! Just the sound of that makes me cringe but I knew this place came with high accolades so I took a chance and since that fateful day I have never ordered anything but the Shack Stack here. Its juicy, flavorful and it oozes...CHEESE! How fun is oozing cheese you ask? FREAKING FUN! Every bite I was amazed at how enjoyable this burger was and I honestly haven't been this excited for a burger in a long, long time. The saying.. "Party In My Mouth" is fitting here. TRY THIS BURGER!  When I first saw the fries I admit I started getting anxious and questioned this decision to walk through NY NY Casino for a burger with Sysco fries. Upon first glance I saw they are the type of fries I was served in school, you know those crinkled and soggy cardboard things the National School Lunch Program passed off as food? Well thankfully they were nothing like the sad sack of fries I was served in high school. These were perfectly and evenly crisped on all sides of the fry. I started chomping away in amazement on how they were able to achieve such an even crisp on all sides of a crinkle cut fry. How did they do it? nom nom...Why has it not been done before? nom nom nom.. This is amazing! I can't believe I'm going to say this... but I like crinkle cut fries now.  We also have enjoyed some of their shakes but my favorite will always be the black and white shake. I think thats where the east coast thing comes in.. I have never had a decent one here in town. Not sure why.. I usually get a puzzled stare when I have ordered one in the past but at Shake Shack I don't have to feel like an weirdo, I fit right in.   Shake Shack is by far the most talked about burger as of late in a city full of burger joints.  And Shake Shack is definitely a place that will stick around. I recommend going there.. Its that good!
869	1	I'm disappointed by a lot of breakfast joints, but this one was AMAZING.  If I could I would eat here everyday.    I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles, the portion was literally bigger than my head and was the best tasting chicken and waffles I've ever eaten.  Also, the waffles were stuffed with full sized strips of bacon.  Disclaimer : Everything brought to the table was dressed with a sprig of sage, so maybe sage is just their thing, but it's delicious.
1984	0	Instead of getting the King size bed we had requested when we paid our room deposit, we got stuck with two full size beds which were too small. Our room was located in another building, which they failed to mention. We were not given any map of where the room was located, how to get to it, or any of the amenities. The room smelled like a nursing home, the shower was tiny, and the bathroom sink had hairs in it. I will not return to this hotel.
39	0	Nothing to write home about.  Fancy noodle guy making the them from scratch. ....but the window dressing really didn't match or meet expectations.  In fact, a trip to Panda Express would have saved me $70 and we would have had a better meal.    Never again!
544	0	Wow.  Wish I had checked Yelp before eating here.  The place is kinda neat looking - bunch of little goldfish, some of which swim upside down (for fun??)  Food is terrible.  Don't be fooled by the cheong-sam dressed Asians they have at the front.  Actually, that should have been a warning sign.  It being a "Chinese restaurant" in Caesar's should have been warning enough.  The place advertises itself as "authentic" hand-pulled noodles.  Yes, it's noodles.  And NO, it ain't authentic.  Supposedly their "best-seller" was the hand pulled noodles with shrimp/pork wontons.    The noodles were the WORST I have had in a long time.  Soggy, sad, thin little things with no texture.  Wontons were nothing to write home about.  Soup was on par with Cup O Noodles broth.  A relatively small bowl of -- blah -- for:                                          ****   $17.00  ****  Tip: DON'T GO.  Or, if you must go, don't expect authentic food.  (ps - the one star is for the cute fish!)
1788	0	$18 for the quality and flavor of a Grand Slam. Average breakfast plate price is $22. One of those places that looks busy and worthy because of the central location. Service was absolutely pathetic on a slow day. One of our friend's got his food wrong, the server made her way over 10 minutes later just to say, "I put it in right! It wasn't my fault!" How professional. Took 15 minutes to get greeted, 25 to put food in, and after meal, 20 minutes with dirty plates in front of us waiting for the check. The server grabbed our cards and continued to run food and greet other tables, taking another 15 minutes to return with our check. I am a server who was with a cook and a bartender. I can fairly say do not waste your money. Wait twice as long for a bang out breakfast at Hash House A Go Go.
1300	1	When I lived in Vegas, I heard a story about the owner of the Venetian wanting a Cheesecake Factory in his hotel, but because there was already a Cheesecake Factory located across the street at Caesars Palace, it was a no-go. Instead, they came up with a concept for a new restaurant, and bam, you've got Grand Lux Cafe.  The menu is similar to Cheesecake Factory's, better actually, so if you like CF, you'll love Grand Lux Cafe. I've never ordered anything here that I've disliked. It's definitely the best 24 hour restaurant I've ever been to.  The food is delicious, the prices are right, the service is always great, and I love the ambiance. Take my advice, if you're going to eat at a hotel and you're on a budget, eat here! Our group ate at the Caesars Palace food court (Cypress Street, check out my review), and we ended up paying the same, if not more than Grand Lux Cafe, and the food at GLC, is 10 times better!
221	0	Food was good 4 stars, the hostess Dana was a witch and needed an attitude adjustment. When a customer asks for a booth and you have one open sit them there even if your server is being double sat. Don't give them crap for their request. They are your CUSTOMER. They make your job possible like my clients make my job possible.
755	1	I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary last night. It was my first time there, but I had always heard great things about this place, so I figured I'd share this as another first with my girl and I'm glad I made that decision. There's a lounge where you can just sit and have a drink by the fire (the drinks were awesome!) And the cocktail waitresses were so nice. After a few drinks, we walked over to the dining room, which had a 50's retro feel. Our server Samantha was so nice. If you're looking for a nice place to go to for chorizo and eggs, pancakes, or any other feel-good food, come down to this place and enjoy!!
1825	0	The beer was the best part of the experience. We were seated at a tiny two top in a corner and couldn't enjoy the fun vibe or decor. The waiter didn't tell us anything about the menu, or bother to ask if it was our first time. We ordered a few different things, and it all came at once. This wouldn't have been a problem if the plates were proportionate to our table, but needless to say the plates made us feel even more crowded. Thinking we could get past this, we were eager to eat. Unfortunately, the food was not tasty. The pozole and pork taco with pineapple were decent, but needed seasoning. The two other dishes were just kind of gross and disappointing. Meanwhile, the waiter never came back and a bus girl took my plate. She was probably trying to clear off the disaster in front of us, but didn't  even ask if I was done. In one last effort to find redemption, my husband ordered dim sum. Our mistake, he ate three of the four because he was hungry, but was again disappointed. The people next to us were also having a bad experience. We love the Cosmopolitan, but will not return to this place. I was really excited to try it out, but it definitely did not meet any expectations.
116	1	This was my second visit and I was just as pleased as the first.  We found Lotus of Siam via a new acquaintance last time we were in Vegas.  We were unable to get a reservation (the history on my phone shows 27 attempted calls, all of which received a busy signal), so we showed up at 5:20 on a Friday night.  They open at 5:30, and we were not the first in line.  We walked in right after the door opened, got a great table, and enjoyed a fabulous meal and glass of wine.    I am gluten-free, and have been pleased that they will accommodate different preparations of certain dishes to meet that dietary need.    Their wine list is impressive, and not ridiculously overpriced.  When we left a little after 6:30 every table was full, the vestibule was packed, and several diners were waiting outside (yes, in the skeezy strip mall).  The moral of the story is that this place is worth the stop, even at what many would consider the "Senior" dining hour.
292	0	One of the worst Westins I've stayed in. Rooms were noisy, dirty (bathroom floor), mold and mildew in shower, cigarette burns on carpet (non smoking floor). No flat screen TVs. Small rooms. About the only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is decent and they have great beds/linen.
269	0	Very disappointing!  A local friend said to come here and it was a bad choice. Menu selection very limited and food is below average. We ordered the $25 diablo sampler for the appetizer and calimari was nasty, wings and potato wedges were good but can get same quality at favorite sports bar for 1/2 the price and the rolled taquetos were below avg...we asked for our check and left before making a bigger mistake in ordering an over priced main cource. Wouldn't waste your money!
1055	0	Cafeteria style food. To say it was mediocre would be a compliment. Hands down, the worst buffet experience I've ever had. You're in Vegas! There's lots of good places to eat - avoid this place. You're better off eating at the food court in the Luxor.  If you actually enjoyed the food and selection here and thought it was actually good, you should get your taste buds examined. Seriously.
1410	0	Eh. So-so, at best. I stay in Starwood properties all over the place and this is one of the lowliest Westin's I've visited. Tube TVs are way out of date. Rooms are smallish. Lobby is smokey (but this is Vegas, baby). Pool/spa area are decent. Public areas are clean, but I found rice cracker pieces under the ottoman in my room after I checked in ... tisk, tisk.
834	0	My bf & I decided to attend this club because they offered the cheapest cover charge... bad mistake. We arrived fairly early, probably around 10:30 PM and there was already a line. Luckily for us, we were on the guest list and got in pretty quickly. The entrance to the club was weird. We had to go up a few flights of stairs (& this is a hard task for me since I was wearing heels!). When we got to the dance floor, it was pretty open and we had plenty of space. I swear, once 11:30 PM rolled around, it became SO packed. My bf & I could hardly dance. The majority of the time was spent outside. There were a couple of times I needed to use the restroom but once I saw that the ladies had to go UP another flight of stairs PLUS the wait of the line, I decided that my bladder will have to suffer a little.   The DJ played great dancing music & the crowd was live; however, I think I could've enjoyed myself at a different club where it was LESS packed and I could actually dance. The drink prices were ridiculously high but I guess I can't really complain about that since we were in Vegas.
239	0	I came here for the first time to eat dinner with my friends and I must say I wasn't impressed. While the waitress was very friendly, it didn't make up for the lack of effort put into making the food. I decided to try their "world famous wings" since it appeared to be the most popular menu item. After a very long time waiting, my wings arrived and they were very cold. I couldn't bring myself to eat very many and just found a few that were warm.  Would I say I had a good first time? not really.  Would I go here again? probably not, ill just stick to Wing Stop.
1751	1	After reading some less than stellar reviews, we almost canceled our reservations.  However, after talking with some Vegas locals and other friends that have dined at Ramsay's and gave it raving reviews we decided to check it out afterall.    We had reservations so when we walked up we were seated right away.  We were sat in a cozy little booth facing the kitchen so we got to watch the action.  One sous chef immediately caught my eye and I asked our waiter if he was from the show.  Yes!  It was Chef Jon from Season 11!  He was more than happy to come sit with us to take a photo and chat for a quick minute.  Super friendly guy.  Anyway, enough of the fan geek moment, to the food!    The bread sampler looked fantastic.  Being gluten intolerant I wasn't able to taste it, but my husband said it was very good.  We got the shrimp cocktail appetizer.  I'm typically not a fan of shrimp cocktail, but this was something else.  The shrimp were huge and great flavor!    Husband got a seafood plate that had scallops, mussels, lobster and other things on it.  The scallops were TO DIE FOR!  Perfectly cooked, OMG.  I can still taste them.  I ordered the filet and it was melt in your mouth tender.  I ordered asparagus as a side because I have to have my veggies.  Even though it was nearly $20 for 10 or so stalks of asparagus (so plenty to share) they were seasoned and cooked perfectly!  Some have commented that the music was too loud in the restaurant.  I thought the level was appropriate.   I can't wait to go back!
225	0	This place is very very over hyped in my opinion. Came here because most of the buffets in Vegas had already cut off their lines and my friends have been wanting to give it a try. The dining wait was about 45 minutes and by this time, we were all already too hangry to wait so we ordered in the outside togo/patio area instead.   I got myself a bacon cheeseburger and fries. My burger was very bland and had no flavor at all. The meat wasn't even juicy, just dry. :( The fries were mediocre at best. I did try some of my friend's frozen hot chocolate (which is what they're famous for), and it was probably the best thing I had.   Probably best to only grab the frozen hot chocolates here!
1607	1	Delicious!   This pizza is great! Light crust, slightly spicy sausage, yummy pepperoni and just enough grease.   Yes, the line is long but does move quickly. For the price, it is almost worth buying a whole box and saving some for the next day. You can call in your order, which helps you skip the line!   A definite must for anyone who has had *too* much fun at Marquee.
59	1	I'm thinking this is the cheapest thing you can buy here at the Cosmopolitan.   Another amazing recommendation from Kristen C. she said I had to try it after a long night of partying. It's $3-$5 dollars depending on the pizza and it's amazing!!! It's good when you're intoxicated and better when you're sober. It's a New York style pizza in Vegas!! Can't ask for anything better. I love a plain cheese pizza and this is one of the best cheese pizza I've had. Well worth my $3 and more. I also tried a white pizza with garlic parmesan, ricotta and mozzarella cheese YUMM.  I will say it's was a bit tricky to find, there isn't a sign outside and you have to walk through a dark hallway before seeing the pizzeria but if you can find it or flirt w/ a security guard to help you out (lol that's how I found it) then you'll be very happy when you do!!   Yummm, I'd love a slice right now!!
1634	0	Okay, definitely one of the greatest food disappointments I've experienced ever. For years I have heard of this infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate that I so deeply regretted opting out of during my visit to NY a few months back. So even after an enormous buffet lunch and an almost as equally large Thai dinner, I made sure that I could squeeze some of this drink in me. I am so sad to have wasted my stomach space.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate is nothing but a glorified Starbucks Frappuccino for triple the price. The cup size is way smaller than I had expected for an $11 drink. Perhaps you pay for the ambience and experience when you sit in the restaurant, but the to-go line is a definite no-go. The whipped cream is also coming out of a generic brand can, so it's also great knowing that you're paying for such fine quality. And the worst part of the night was the unfriendly worker who wouldn't give me a cup of tap water so that I could somehow manage to finish the overly sweetened, overly expensive, overrated cup of chocolate in my hand!
286	0	I went here so that I could talk crap about the waiter, but he wasn't even mean!  He just basically ignored us.  I wanted to get into verbal disagreements with someone.  -1 for crappy ribs -1 for no plate -1 for long wait -1 for no paper hat -1 for being expensive  Never coming back here ever again unless its free.
856	0	I have to agree with all the other bad reviews.   1.)Rooms are super old, but maybe you need to request certain towers. Did check for bed bugs because me and my daughter were itchy. But didn't see any. 2.)They double charged and now is taking me 3 calls to get refund so I think I'll have to dispute with my bank. 3.)Check in needs serious help in what's called customer service :/ they told me to come back to check in when as soon as I left they were checking in other guest. So I stood and watched for 10min and every single person was being checked in so I sent my husband and bingo we were in.  4.) Empty pool was a bit weird to me. Regardless of it being winter you do have resort fees! 5.)all I can say is you get what you pay for. In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.
1090	1	I will have to say this place has provided me the best steakhouse experience ever.  First thing you notice about this place is that the picture of the chef is not plastered all over the walls which is a great thing.  Let start will the bread that is given, 3 distance tasting breads with a butter that is quite a one of the kind taste.  Beef Wellington is incredible due to the fact that is it so flavorful inside the pastry it is cooked in.  Of course the sticky toffee pudding is really something that has be ordered.  It is really a dessert that you cannot find anywhere else.
1009	0	VERY disappointing!! Even after a lot of drinking the hot dogs here sucks!!! First they are expensive as hell and lack flavor. The flavor is going depend on what kind of hotdog you order. The hotdog itself is blan!  GO to Earl of Sandwich, ALSO in planethollywood, you will NOT be disappointed.
328	0	Absolutely disgusting! I'm currently in my room at 1:30am on the Saturday of Labor Day weekend and I can't sleep because of all the noise above my room!! I don't know is there some sort of walkway above, but there's constant rumbling of foot traffic every 15-20 seconds. The reason I'm here for one night is because I'm here for 5 days but my regular hotel was sold out on Sat so I booked a room here because it's a weekend and I couldn't find anything else. Thank God I'll be checking out in the morning and spending the next 4 days in a nice hotel.  This place is absolutely filthy and it stinks!! There is what seems to be blood stains on the wall next to the bed. There are stains on the ceiling?!! The fire alarm has holes in it and quite honestly, it doesn't even have the occasional light blink indicating that is operational LOL the carpet? Don't even get me started. The thermostat on the wall wasn't working and I kid you not, I had to bang on it a few times for it to fire up. Talk about ghetto. Oh, and I forgot the tons of shady people around.   This is probably the dirtiest room I've ever stayed in. The sad thing is, online they list a $14.99 "resort" fee. This is a resort??? The room doesn't even have a refrigerator?! I called the front desk to inquire about that and asked what sort of amenities did they provide to consider themselves a "resort". The answer I got was, "it's not a resort fee, it's a cleaning fee" LOL Since when does a hotel charge a "cleaning" fee? Isn't the room cleaning always a part of it? I travel all over the creation, a lot, and I've never had a "cleaning" fee tacked on to any if my stays anywhere, ever!   Please do not let the positive reviews on here sway you to book a room. I promise you that you will be disgusted and it will be a waste of your money! Believe me. The audacity of this hotel to charge over $100 for a rundown piece of garbage of a room! This is Las Vegas and even the $60 rooms in downtown absolutely blow this "hotel" away. This is LV and Palace Station definitely needs to get with the program! The rooms are so dated and filthy that I wonder how this place is staying afloat in the of hotels that is Las Vegas.
633	1	I went on a Saturday afternoon at the perfect time. I walked in and there was no line!! Nice service and very tasty and amazing pizza!!   I ordered two pizzas: white and pepperoni and my other half ordered a cheese and sausage pizza. We were give. A mushroom instead of a cheese, but the cashier was nice enough to let me keep the mushroom and still give me a slice of cheese pizza for free. I rarely ever eat three slices of pizza in one sitting, but it was so delicious, I couldn't help but finish all three!   The White pizza was definitely my favorite! Put some garlic powder on it and it tastes even better! Two thumbs up!
1688	0	I got food poisoning here on 2/11/2015. Hadn't eaten anything all day, so my girlfriend and I ordered the quesadillas and fajitas. Within 2 hours we were both deathly ill...throwing up, diarrhea, and feverish. 24 hours later, I'm still hoping to be able to get out of bed or eat something soon.   Aside from the fact that it made us sick, the food was mediocre at best. The waitress gave terrible service, and we kept getting pestered by staff wanting to take our picture or put balloons on our heads.   This might be an alright place to go and get sloppy drunk, but forget eating here.
1119	1	This was the second time that my wife and i had eaten there. The word AMAZING sums it up. We arrived right when the doors opened for dinner and where seated right away. The food was amazing and not horribly priced, especially when you look at the fact that you basically get 2 meals out of one meal. Really good food and great wait staff. One of our favorites and it is worth the trek off the strip if you are a visitor
1818	0	O m G. Wow. Ordered the Caesar salad w/ chicken. $17. It took like a 1/2 hour-45 mins. Wasn't even an actual salad. Just peeled and very soggy whole lettuce leaves...wth?!! Did not come with croutons but a piece of bread that was suppose to pass for croutons. Waited a while and order the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate...very sloppy and I was very disappointed. The tower of whipped cream fell over right after I got it and it was just melting down the sides of the glass. On top of the good things I had heard, it's just a fancy $10 ice cold chocolate milk. Might try the Serendipity in NY but def won't come here again. Paid $30 total for lettuce, Sierra Mist and chocolate milk.
860	1	Super friendly staff, ambiance is warm and hip. Chicken Karage was perfect, ordered marinated spare ribs, pork belly, beef toro and bulgogi. All was amazing!! They play music videos on a big screen on the wall and it's just the right volume and a great choice of music.   Happy hour is 3pm-6pm and 10pm- close. Ordered broccoli, asparagus, and sweet corn. Perfect amount for 4 people.   Would definitely eat here again when we come back to visit from the Bay!!
1552	0	Went back and found that the best server who helped us last time, JT, was no longer with the company.  BOOO on Cabo Wabo Cantina.  Forget it, this place does not have the right attitude since JT was a real Sammy fan and actually was really fun and interesting to talk to.
1774	1	I am in love.  Nutella!  Amazing coffee!  Wish that they would expand their menu of sweet crepes!  Go to the restaurant (up the elevators).  It is cheaper than the "to go" stand in the casino.  I ordered my food to go a couple of times from the restaurant without a problem.  Yum!
1756	0	We wanted to go the restaurant, but the wait was 30 minutes and all we wanted to do was to try the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So I appreciate that they had a "Fun on the run menu" which is basically a way to grab something quick. The service was definitely faster, our drink was ready right after we paid! Half star because the place was pink and cute. Half star because it tasted good. Minus four stars because the price was ridiculous and this place is seriously over-rated!   $10- Frozen Hot Chocolate: For taste, I thought this was chocolate goodness. However, my friend says it tasted like his protein powder mixture.  $11- Mochacino Coffee Frozen Hot Chocolate:  This was pretty tasty.  The mocha was rich in flavor and blended well with the chocolate.  I liked the espresso chocolate on top.  Although it was delicious, the Costco's version of Mocha Latte comes pretty close.   Would you pay $12 (after tax) for a regular size (16 oz. maybe) of iced hot chocolate topped with whipped cream?  Why do you call it Frozen hot chocolate when it wasn't even frozen or icy?
252	1	I hate to admit I first came to this place because of "Anthony Bourdain no reservations." For years I've driven by this place thinking that it looks like a Vegas rendition of a Denny's. When you first walk in, the Vegas Denny's theme still holds true with one small exception. You will notice a double glass door in the back left corner that leads to the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge. The 5 stars is solely for the Fireside Lounge and not the Restaurant.  You instantly enter into a late 60's early 70's themed lounge that relaxes and surprises in the same breath. The decor looks like they actually had well kept furniture from the 70's imported through some kind of time portal and not the new furniture that is meant to look retro. I ordered the scorpion (Giant volleyball sized drink) because I saw Bourdain order it himself and our group loved it. We (my wife and myself) got it blended with the ice cream and the couple we were with got it on the rocks. Both are very tasty but I'd have to go with ice cream variety. We order the Peppermill sampler which had cheese sticks, chicken fingers, shrimp, and bruschetta to name a few. It served its purpose and tasted good but nothing too standout about it.  The service was on spot and great!! Peppermill's Fireside Lounge is a must stop if you're in the Vegas area. Great for pre/post parties or even being the main attraction.  Here's my advice to the Peppermill owners- Keep up the great job and don't change a thing!!!
1713	1	This restaurant by far surpassed our expectations! We had the best service and food we've ever eaten at any restaurant.  We tried several appetizers including the gnocchi, stuffed lobster tail (which had lentils in bisque and it was phenomenal), pork belly, and beef tartar which comes out with garlic potato chips and was to die for!!   For dinner I had the beef Wellington and my husband had the american beef rib cap. The rib cap has marbling throughout so it was pretty rich, tasted fabulous!! The beef Wellington didn't disappoint, so much flavor!! Be prepared though, it does have a longer preparation time. For accompaniments we had the sauteed mushrooms (divine), Brussel sprouts, and Mac n cheese. My husband said the brussel sprouts were very tasty and the mushrooms were as well. The Mac n cheese was good, just a little heavy on the truffle.  Dessert had always been my favorite meal, so we had to sample a few. By far the sticky toffee pudding with caramel ice cream is the best dessert I've ever had!! It's worth the entire trip!! We also had the apple tart tatin which comes out nice and hot and the waiter places the wonderful cinnamon ice cream on top so it's served a la mode. The cinnamon ice cream is so smooth and delicious!! My husband is a peanut butter lover so he tried the peanut butter bar which he said was his favorite.  Our service was phenomenal!! We had Matthew and Derrick as our servers. They were extremely attentive and were always there before we even realized we needed anything. Matthew was also very good in knowing the menu and made some recommendations for us.   By far this is one of the best restaurants in town!!
731	0	So I was in Vegas over the weekend and I have finally recovered! What a fun weekend! Of course with all Vegas weekends there is always some type of drama and unfortunately it was hotel drama. There was 3 of us checking in and our check in went smoothly, the room was nice but upon checking in we got in our room to find our toilet was not working. We called down to have it looked at, they sent engineering up to our room and the toilet was fixed. Fast forward a few hours and I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and it was broken AGAIN...I really had to go and went down stairs to the lobby to use the restroom. I went back up after I was done, my key had been demagnetized so I had to go to the front desk to get a new key and I mentioned to the front desk person what was happening with the toilet and he was very receptive to my issue. He said we could move rooms in the morning (it was 4am) AWESOME. I went back up to the room and went back to bed. In the morning I mentioned to the girls what happened and called down to move rooms. You would think I dreamt the whole conversation with the front desk guy no one had record of the conversation, the issue or even the engineer visit upon our arrival!!. We had such an issue trying to get a new room, they finally did it but after we went downstairs to speak with guest services and a conversation with the manager. He was a smug individual and I am so surprised that this man is even in the hospitality field. He was condescending and rude and made us feel like whiny bitches. We changed rooms, bathroom worked YES!!! AC did not work well but at this point a working toilet was all I needed and as long as the room was at a comfortable temp I guess it would be fine. The one star is for the shower heads, AWESOME shower heads, water pressure and loved it so much I was taking 2 showers a day. The location is a block off the strip BUT there are a lot of questionable characters in this area, homeless people. They have a little drinking area right next to the hotel in an open lot. We were fine walking in the daytime to the strip but at night a cab was necessary. Looked a little shady. I missed the excitement of a cool Vegas hotel, I will definitely be hitting up a hotel on the strip and never stay at this hotel again.
228	1	If you are in Las Vegas and you are looking for a good and filling breakfast, try this place. I had eggs benedict with spinach, delicious! My friends had french toast which came in a big portion and were very good. Prices are ok, and lower compared to the places in the strip (this place is 15 minutes from the strip). Definitely recommended.
566	0	This review comes down to a customer service issue. Two of the rudest people I've ever encountered were behind the desks at the MGM. Calling down to the front desk, I spoke to Raven.. And wow, I was blown away by how abrupt and rude she was, clearly no one ever taught her any manners growing up. I'm in disbelief that she's in a position where she interacts with customers at all. The second person was also at the front desk. I feel bad judging the hotel by these two individuals but they really soiled the trip for me. The only saving grace was Katie from the front desk, faith restored. The housekeeping ladies were also really nice people. Even though Katie was a complete sweetheart, I will not be staying there again. It's not worth the hassle of dealing with those unpleasant people and the rooms are mediocre at best.
1476	0	You know that one all-you-can-eat dining hall on your undergraduate college campus? That's where I felt like I was when I stepped foot into the spice market.  I spent most of my time chowing down on the crab legs to get the best bang for my buck, and succeeded with crushing atleast 3 full plates of them, but  I also tried to stuff myself with some of the other buffet offerings. The crab legs themselves were pretty good, but I've had better. Nothing else I tried was really all that great. The baked desserts were dry, the soups were overly salty, and the other foods did not taste very fresh.  Priced at $35/pp my first Vegas buffet experience was pretty disappointing, and I was expecting so much more... but no worries, it's definitely not my last. At least they had a mexican bar where I could make my own guac and chips? Guac is my kryptonite.
577	0	Over priced food for less than sufficient portions. ex: $12 for 6 small pieces of "shu mai" dumplings.  I can do without the gold flakes and just pay at most $3 for it.  I like salty food, but the chinese food here is way too salty.    Also, what's up with the names of the asian dishes?  Each dish name sounds like a Kung Fu movie...With these names, you have to sit there and read the entire description of the dish before you know what you're ordering.  For example...they had a dish called "swallow a cloud," um...why can't you just call it wonton noodle or something similar to the dish so it's easier to recognize.  I understand it may "fun" names...but it's not run having to sit there and read every single dish.
1369	1	Oh cute place and so cozy for breakfast! Waited about 45 minutes as this place was packed!! Good sign right? Right and worth the wait! Had the ham and cheese omelette which was a very generous size and could be easily shared as it comes with a muffin or toast, and potatoes. Yum! My son had the chocolate chip pancakes. Need I say more? Sorry, don't remember what hubby had but I know it was good. Can't go wrong at this place. Prices reasonable considering the portion sizes are HUGE!
1807	1	Reminds me a lot of The Cheesecake Factory with the extensive menu. Decided on splitting the pasta promanado with a side of spinach with my lovely dinner date.  There was plenty of seating and great hosts and servers.  The sourdough bread was another favorite get a second order with a pasta.
1308	0	My wife's birthday dinner start off well. The items we ordered was amazing. The service was great until we got another server, he was very rude. At the end of our meal, kept us if we wanted to order more food. We said, no we're stuffed. He cleared our table and gave us our check without asking us if we wanted dessert. As we were getting ready to leave, he picked up the bill counted the money and didn't say anything to us. We won't be coming back to this place.
586	0	After deciding to take an impromptu trip to Vegas, my hubby and I booked the Riviera  through Expedia.com, so we could save some money on our hotel. The room was on average 27 dollars a night, which is a steal for summer in Vegas. The ratings weren't too stellar but we gave it the benefit of the doubt. So we arrived and we were given a room with two beds even though we booked a room with a king sized bed.  We literally had to beg them to give us the room that we asked for. They stated that even though we paid for our room ahead of time, they booked all the rooms with a king sized bed because they are booked on a first come, first served basis. They asked us to come back the next day, stand in line and compete for the room that we booked originally. They must be trippin'!  That seemed a  little unethical to me  for the hotel to take our money but give us a room that we did not request. It made me regret booking my hotel accommodations at the Riviera!   After some probing and insisting, they upgraded our room after I kept reminding them that it's unfair to take someone's money and not give people what they ask for!   Even though that act put them sort of in our good graces, the casino overall old, run down, and pales in comparison to the other casinos on the strip!   I won't be staying there ever ever EVER again!
1061	0	Tao Nightclub deserves this 1 star, but it's also getting 1 start to outweigh the review that my friend posted for a 4 star review.....but he can't count his experience!!!  He had an all expenses paid trip to LV and all drinks were paid for at Tao by Virgin Airlines and not to mention it was on a Wednesday night!!  Seriously!  Tao is COMPLETELY overrated.  The dance floor is tiny, there are columns in the way so you can't even people watch if you are one of the wall flowers, the bartenders (male and female) are REALLY bitchy and the service is terrible.  The millions of buddha faces start to look scarey after awhile and the atmosphere is stuffy.  No me gusta!  Pure is a MILLION times cooler than this place.  I went twice and haven't returned, I'll leave it for the celebrities who are paid to be there or my friends who get free trips to Vegas and free drinks at Tao! ;)
1455	0	This was not at all a good example of lavish Vegas buffets. Even if you're staying at the MGM Grand, I'd go elsewhere for a brunch on the Strip. At least it's not expensive, but having breakfast and lunch here felt far too much like being at a regular old restaurant somewhere in the midwest. (Which I would totally do in the midwest... it's just not what I flew to Vegas to eat!)  The food itself was okay, but there was nothing unusual, and a pretty paltry selection overall. I'm glad I ate here at the beginning of my stay so that I could be gradually more impressed as the weekend went on.
340	0	No bueno. They charge a service fee but service is non existent!! They don't serve you so you have to go get your own drink, our server didn't pick up our plates for a long time and they were piling up so we put them on another table then she noticed and picked them up. We kept doing this during the whole meal.   We brought everything to the manager's attention and she told us they were understaffed and they were doing the best they could!   The food is not tasty and it's all very subpar. Disappointing but they're digging their own grave.
1959	0	Worse wait I've experienced.  Most people who spend money on the strip are people on vacation.  I don't know about you, but I don't like wasting my vacation standing around.  There was a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate with the purchase of an entree, so I went to check it out.  I've seen pictures, and it looked so large and delicious.  Turns out, there was an hour wait to be seated.  I opted to forgo the coupon, and stand at the walk-thru window instead.  Horrible decision.  There were two parties ahead of me, but there were only two workers, so they took the order, made the order, then served the next customer.  The wait took over a HOUR.  I've never had such a horrible wait.    When I got the frozen hot chocolate, I ordered the one for 2.  It didn't look as large in a dinky plastic cup.  In fact, they only put about 2/3s of what they put in the blender in my cup.  The hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't worth the price.  It tasted cheap, like powdered hot chocolate, and blended ice.  I've tasted better frozen hot chocolates, and they are generally made with syrup, for a creamier more integrated flavor.  Overall, I was disappointed with my experience.  It doesn't taste bad, and the decor was interesting, so I give it a 2/5
394	0	Beware of Mafia Charge!!!  The food was ok, but overpriced.  The service was awful. At the end we had an extra charge on our bill of $5.86 When we asked the waitress what this was, she laughed and said it was the mafia charge.  According to her all restaurants in the miracle mile shops charge this extra fee.
491	1	Seriously, some of the best pizza I've ever had... and I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to get it! Sure, I'm here in NYC where supposedly there's lots of good pizza, but so far, nothing comes close to what I had at the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Resort. This place is hidden in between a few other restaurants in a shopping & dining area attached to the hotel-- there are no signs, so if you can't locate it, ask around. You won't be sorry.   So what made this pizza so awesome? Well, first off, the crust was just right-- not too crunchy and not too soft... the pizza sauce was perfect and seasoned just right... and the cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. On two different visits last week, I had a couple of difference slices-- I tried both the pepperoni and meatball. The 2nd time I had them add ricotta to my meatball slice... and all I can say is, "Amazing!"
1940	0	i dont think i've ever hated a hotel as much as i hate the westin cauarina las vegas hotel they upgraded me to a full suite on my last stay, complete with three sinks, three rooms, and a walk-in closet they did everything a hotel could do to make it up to me but when you get robbed when you're staying in a hotel, you don't forgive easily
766	1	First time trying Korean BBQ and we were very impressed and satisfied. It was about a 30 minute wait, but very worth it! It was more food than we expected so better come hungry! We got the Gangman package for 2 and we could not finish it all. It was all very delicious! We will definitely return next time we come to Vegas!
435	1	MAN did I love this place! I really love how creative they are with their presentation. The Fried Chicken Benedict was almost doing too much, but it was worth it! The corned beef hash was great. I have no complaints at all about that. The blueberry pecan flapjack was amazing. We were all talking about the pecans. Then later on that night I snuck away to try one of the scrambles. Another hit!! Everything was amazing!
1872	0	They need to work out the kinks, that's for sure.  Diablo's?  Pray to the devil that you get your food warm and you can see it.  1.  The lighting was SO low up top that they had to turn on the disco lights which were then blaring in our eyes. 2.  Food came out COLD.  No joke.  We had four plates of tacos and all were cold.  The fajitas were sizzling though. 3.  Salsa is excellent.  So good, I asked for a refill.  Um, ok, they charged me $6 for salsa refill.  EXCUSE ME?   4. Drinks were extra strong, but they should be for $10.  And they didn't have Ketel One.  That was a $10 Stoli. 5. Waitress was very sweet and trying really really hard. 6.  Bartenders downstairs (the girls) were absolutely clueless and it took two of them to figure out how to run a credit card--while 5 of us were still waiting to get served.  Thankfully the guy bartender was on the ball and stepped up to the plate.  He also flashed "Blue Steel."  That bartender deserves 5 stars. 7.  I finally complained at the end about the cold food and why were they charging me $6 for salsa when the food they brought out was sub par?  So the manager took off the salsa charge and the $8 chip charge as well.  Besides all that, the atmosphere is pretty cool.  I think the downstairs was better.  The hostesses that I encountered were very nice and inquired about our party, what was it for, making small talk.  Overall though, like I said, they need to iron out the kinks.
1697	0	I decided to take my wife to @CaboWaboLV for an early Valentine's dinner since she is the biggest @Sammy_Hagar fan & has been dying to check this place out since it opened.   Before going I did my homework and read all the reviews that had been posted. After reading I was really surprised this place is still OPEN. Not too many good things being said.   We arrived on Friday night around 10pm and the house band had just started playing. Acoustic Soul-Las Vegas' Original & Only LIVE Jukebox. They play all requests-some good some NOT so good.   We were seated immediately with no wait even though the place was packed including the outdoor patio bar.   The menu is mexican food with a baja twist. VERY Pricey. We ordered Beef Fajita Nachos to start-The Carne Asada Entree & a 3 item combo with Hard & Soft shell tacos and a cheese enchilada. Ice Water all around. NO drinks this time:)   (However they did pour FREE shots of tequila when the band played "Mas' Tequila")   The service was a little slow it took nearly 30 minutes before we saw the appetizers and we spent most of the night chewing on ice.   The nachos were very underwhelming-10-12 soggy chips covered in cheap shredded cheese and sparse bits of beef fajita meat. 4 melonballer size scoops of (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac) NO seasoning, no spice, no flavor just cheese. The complimentary chips & salsa are a much better choice.   NEXT, the entrees came out- The carne asada plate covered w/cheese, onions and jalapenos. a couple tortillas and a plate with (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac). NO salsa!! Again with the cheap shredded cheese and the jalapenos were not even cooked just sliced and covered in cheese.   The fajita onions & peppers were way too much compared to the skimpy 8oz carne asada steak. The steak like the nachos had NO seasoning or flavor. FOR $20 at a bar I was really expecting something phenomenal.   The 3 item combo of beef tacos and cheese enchilada was alright except for the cheese enchilada which again used the cheap shredded cheese which didnt melt well at all and was tasteless.    The lack of seasoning for a mexican resataurant is really unacceptable and NO salsa with entrees no beans with the chips appetizer. :(    For 2 people to have an appetizer and 2 entrees-drink ice water and get slow service for $65 pretty disappointing to say the least:(
1672	1	Delicious!! We watch Gordon Ramsay's shows and were excited to try his food. The shake my husband had was incredible, an Oreo shake topped with creme brle pudding! We went around 12 on a weekday and had a very short wait. Great service, food came quickly. I recommend the shake #4, roasted jalapeo poppers, southern yardbird burger, and Hell's Kitchen burger. I didn't love the fries but everything else exceeded my expectations!
551	0	Heard the frozen hot chocolate hype so had to try one with half oreo and half mochaccino flavors.  It tasted like chocolate ice milk with whip cream and a couple coffee bean candies and some crushed oreos on top ... which is fine.... but to me the atmosphere ruined the whole experience.  The tables seemed too close together and small ... at least where we were seated (directly across from the kitchen).  It also seemed a bit on the dirty side.  There was such an overwhelming scent of ketchup in the air, it ruined my desire for anything chocolatey.  Also, I wanted to wash my hands before eating and had to go outside of the restaurant, pass the patio area, and down some cavernous cement hallway to use a restroom.  I was expecting an elegant, old-timer ice cream parlor feel, but this place is no where near that. I can't imagine buying the $1000 sundae here. There were a bunch of teens hanging around a cash register by the door which was confusing because the waiter who just left the check didn't specify if he was going to take the payment or if we were to pay at the cash register by the door.  Sooo after waiting around awhile, we stood by the cash register while they asked us what our waiter looked like and then gave the payment to him.  No eye contact, "thanks", "come back again" from the waiter...so we just walked out. Overall I felt like I was just at a fast food place, but with exorbitant prices, grumpy waiters, & pretty plates.
1430	1	This place was packed even before I showed up with 16 people, somehow we managed to get a spot quickly enough and were served right away with wine and food coming quickly. Lunch was amazing, the KRAPHAO MOO KROB and spicy fried beef rice has inspired me to try and recreate it in my own kitchen. The only dish that I didn't love was the MEE KROB. It for me was a little too sweet, but everyone else enjoyed it.
841	1	If you feel like leaving the strip and "venture" a little around Las Vegas, definitely check out the Hash House a Go Go. Not a cheap cab ride from the strip, but it's totally worth it. I love this place!  Portions are huge, but you can always take your leftovers, so stop crying about how big they are! They have a DJ so, if you want a quiet breakfast this is not your place, otherwise, you would love it, fun environment. Food is very tasty and fresh.
229	0	It sounds like a lot of people like the French Onion soup. Well, on the contrary, my cousin wasn't satisfied with his French Onion Soup at all. He took about 3 sips and gave up on it. I don't know if he's just picky, it was a bad day for french onion soup, or it's really just not that great.   I ordered the turkey pot pie. POT PIE? I love pot pies. I think it was the special of the day, so I gave it no second thought and ordered it. The first thing I thought to myself upon seeing my pot pie was, "UMMMMM, is this the right order? This looks like a croissant wannabe over a well of pea and turkey soup." Okay, I might be describing it worse than it actually is. Check out the picture I posted and judge for yourself. The presentation was nice, but wasn't at all how I imagined it. I dug into the puff pastry hoping to find lobster, but it was just more...puff pastry. =[ Boy was I bummmmmmmed. If only all the peas and turkey bits were INSIDE of the puff pastry..it didn't even taste that great, hence the 2 stars.   I won't come back unless I'm really hungry at night and everything else is closed-why? It's open 24/7.
1422	0	My boyfriend and I had bought tickets at one of those half off ticket places and we asked where we should eat before the show, they recommended this place. The menu looked pretty good when we got there, so my hopes were high. We had potstickers as an appetizer (they tasted as though they had been in a freezer for way too long and they had been microwaved).... My Kobe beef hamburger which I order medium was completely burnt. All I could taste was burnt. Then my boyfriend, who ordered his steak medium rare said he didn't even think they cooked it. His asparagus was cold too. Only thing decent about this place was the French fries. And to top if off, our order took FOREVER! I think they forgot about us. The waitress even commented that it was taking sooooo long and said she would talk to her manager about comping half of our meal. The manager came out, and apologized...then they said they would give us a free dessert too because it took so long. We end up never getting dessert and they comped NOTHING for us. So basically, my recommendation would be never ever go here. The end.
416	1	Came in around 5:30 yesterday and it wasn't as busy like the last  time I came into this restaurant but it was steady. A very friendly young Asian lady had greeted us and had asked us to give her a few minutes to set up a table. From the way it looked there was only a couple servers and the hostess who had greeted us. Our waiter Kevin was amazing and explained everything on the menu. Our food came out in a perfect time and everything that we tried on the menu was amazing. My group and I had oxtail, miyagi, black&green, and the lamb burger.  This place is a must try. Every time I'm in Vegas, I always enjoy their food! Very friendly staff and amazing food.
1708	1	"Man who invented the hamburger was smart; man who invented the cheeseburger was a genius."  Matthew McConaughey  Preach.  So I've been wanting to try Holstein's for a while and on my most recent trip to Vegas, we popped in for dinner.  Although I was eyeing the adult milkshakes, being lactose intolerant had me looking the other way.  I didn't want the test my luck that night, even with a purse full of Lactaid.  You only live once but I rather not spend it in a day of agony.  TMI?  Too bad.  This is my review so suck it, Trebek.    This gastropub is brightly lit and adorable with all the cow motifs.  The artwork is cute as heck and the food is amazing.  Upon being seated, they bring you free flavored popcorn.  I'm not a big popcorn person but it had me reaching for popcorn after popcorn!  I had me the Urth Burger [House Made Vegan Patty With Lettuce, Tomato, Cucumber, Sprouts & Avocado] and my dinner companion, the cutiepie Matt C., had the Nom Nom Burger [Kobe Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Potato Chips, 1000 Island Dressing].  Although I was hella craving for some vegetables, one bite of the Nom Nom Burger had me jealous.  It was juicy, cheesy, and so dang flavorful.  I also like the bite of the chips in the Nom Nom Burger.  As I passed Matt his burger back, I could only look down at my veggie burger with disappointment.  Dang it!  He got the fries and I got onion rings with our burgers and we shared them.  Both of these little munchies made for an excellent leftover midnight snack as well!  Don't forget to check-in to get a free 12oz. Holstein's house brew!  Matt C. beat me to the punch so we compromised and I drank majority of it.  It's good to be The Empress.
1911	0	Stayed at this hotel because of a Groupon deal. The hotel is extremely outdated. It has a very dingy dirty feeling. The bathtub felt slimy when you stepped in it. The carpets and toilet were dirty as well. The AC worked well but parts were just hanging off. The glass was cracked on the closet door and the T.V. is a dinosaur. The pool is no longer open 24 hours either. The gambling area is so small and needs a major make-over. There are only 2 restaurants in this hotel. The positives are the staff was very friendly, Hooters Restaurant is open 24/7 and for the price it was very close to the strip. Overall, the negatives out way the positives and I would never stay at this hotel again. It felt worse than Motel 6.
477	1	A friend and I went here last night for the first time.  Completely blown away from start to finish!! Even the chairs (we noticed there were different ones available, depending on the table you were sat at. Ours were red leather.) were amazing!! The staff was so professional and knowledgeable about everything on the menu (your table is serviced by multiple staff members) and were "spot on" with there recommendations!!! The complementary breads served were absolutely delicious! We ordered the pork belly appetizer and were so impressed!! Definitely recommend that, if you go!!! For our main course, we ordered both the beef Wellington (how could you skip that??), and the Kobe filet with a butter poached lobster tail. Fingerling potatoes with truffles, and mac'n cheese, rounded off the meal. Ok...when a steak is so tender, your knife has difficulty cutting it because any pressure forces the meat to "surrender"....RIDICULOUS!!! Get the Kobe!!! Beef Wellington...amazing!! Both sides?....amazing!!! Portions, especially the lobster tail, seemed a bit small, but that worked out "famously," giving us "room" for dessert! All I can say is...the toffee pudding thing is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! I eat out A LOT, and this may have been the best restaurant experience I've ever had!!!
1484	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Peppermill...ANYTIME I go to Vegas, HAVE to go their for breakfast!!! The portions are HUGE, the place is SUPER clean, ALWAYS crowded and the waitress's have all been working there 8 yrs or longer...Good to see that they are good at their job and they like what they do! Food is excellent....staff is wonderful..no need to say more, just GO EAT THERE!
894	1	New York style pizza! This is everything you could want in a pizza - the perfect dough, grease that drips down your arm, and big, foldable slices.   What I loved most was that staple flavors, like pepperoni, cheese or veggie, were just what you'd expect but SO flavorful!   The white pizza was amazing. No sauce - mozzarella dotted with heaps of herbed ricotta, slathered with a buttery garlic sauce.   The sausage with onion and green peppers was perfect too. Spicy, thinly-sliced Italian sausage made for some perfect bites.   Love this place. Highly recommended for any time of the day!
1041	1	We almost didn't try this place but I am so happy we did! Possibly because I had this thought in my head that Thai food can't be much different from the many places that we already tried back home in Hawaii...or maybe it was because my friend who introduced us to some of our favorite Thai food places back home didn't care for this place much.  I am so glad that we ended up here regardless of the reasons pointing elsewhere because I really really enjoyed it. Since they are   LOCATED near the airport (South side of the strip). It was convenient and the timing was right.   FOOD - GREAT - We always order the same food items when trying a new Thai restaurant for the first time. It's basically so I can compare the taste. It's also our favorite dishes.   Egg Roll/Spring Roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#30s9CUJHF-BaOe0FWkX9nQ I asked for Spring Roll and he said they call it egg roll here. This confused me as I always thought that Vietnamese and Thai call theirs spring rolls but he said they don't use the rice paper wrap. Didn't matter, I enjoyed it. Rice paper wrap, egg dough..whatever... it came out hot, it was crispy and had great filling.   Pad Thai Noodle W/Chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#skkyJU6psgsiM0M_AqMO9g I was very impressed with this dish. The noodles did not stick together, it was not too oily, and it had a very rich and strong peanut flavor. It also had the right amount of acidity to balance out the richness. This was one of the better pad Thai dishes that I have eaten.   Panang Curry W/Beef - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#LhgLajbztEVV4jVr_ggEvQ We normally order panang curry or yellow curry but lately we been choosing panang more than yellow. Probably because panang is richer and creamier in flavor, and that is exactly what we got with this dish. They don't give a lot but you don't need a lot since this dish is packed with flavor.    Spice levels are based on a scale of 1-10 and we got level 7. This is about as high as I would like it to go here. Any higher and it would have probably killed the taste for me.   The ENVIRONMENT here was very pleasant. Although it was very crowded, we didn't feel claustrophobic because they have lots of tables and are properly spaced out. The size of this place is a pretty decent size. We were even able to bring in our stroller.   The SERVICE is good. As soon as we entered our hostess took us to a table to accommodate our stroller. A huge plus in my book. Our server also had proper knowledge and took care of us in a timely manner. I just wish he would have been a little happier but I can't dock them just on that.   The OVERALL price for the quality of food here is totally worth it. I enjoyed the entire experience and I have to give this place 5 stars.
1036	1	Ate there for lunch today.  The food was so amazing!  The fried rice and sour pork appetizer was a bit spicy for my wife, but I found it delectable.  We also had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, the title speaks for itself!  Service was great, and it was not busy as we hit at the end of the lunch rush.  I'll be sure to go back next time I'm in town!
1709	0	I went to Senor Frog's on a weeknight. There were not many people there. I sat at the bar and ordered my food and drink. The service at the bar was prompt and my food came out quickly so no complaints for bar service. I ordered a beef burrito that cost 19 dollars. I ordered chips and queso and two margaritas. I expected to get a burrito with rice and beans like most Mexican plates. The burrito came out, it was very big but it had no sauce on it and no rice and beans For the price, it should have rice and beans. The food was not bad, just ok and the burrito was a little bland. The two margaritas came in small plastic cups and tasted like a fruit slushy, they were watery, very sweet  and very weak on the alcohol. All in all, my bill for one burrito, one chips and queso and two tiny, weak margaritas in a small plastic cup came to a whopping 55 dollars before tip. I realize that prices are higher on the strip but this was way too high priced for what you get.
889	1	I love it. The charbroiled prawns were amazing, even with mouth on fire from the chilis (we got the spicy ones). Definitely order some of the northern Thai dishes the place is known for.  The only thing we got that was just average was the Drunken Noodles - I've had better elsewhere.  But even they were devoured by the end of the meal.  I will make this a must-eat on Vegas trips!
939	1	Ramsay's has become my new favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  The overall surroundings look similar to what it looked like when Les Artiste use to inhabit the location with the exception of a tunnel like hall and a lounge in the bar area where a large table use to exist.  The neon overhang is pretty cool too.  Excellent customer service is offered at Ramsay's.  I've been here twice now on two separate occasions with two different servers and I'm quite impressed.  My only warning for the newly initiated is that you just get plain tap water when they ask you for sparkling or still...$8 a pop otherwise.  On my first visit my table accidentally ordered bottle after bottle thinking the still water was plain water...NOT so.  Five bottles later...oh boy.  We might as well fork out for some more wine.  Great steaks.  The ribeye is my favorite but they have Kobe cuts that will melt in your mouth.  It's much pricier however, as is the caviar.  To save on price, order sides with your dish like the foie gras or bone marrow (no bread to neutralize the oiliness of the marrow however).  The main reason I like this place though is their toffee bread pudding (award winning according to our server)...YOU CANNOT MISS OUT ON THIS!  Save room for dessert.  Oh yeah, their complimentary bread is killer.  If you ask nicely they will pack you a few to go.
1446	1	Really accessible from the strip, perhaps a 10 minute ride. Busy during lunch times so remember to come early! Format is very similar to gyukaku except the grill is the Korean BBQ grill.   Ordered the Gangnam set for 4 when there were five of us girls - more than enough food! Came with miso soup, sweet corn, oysters, shishito peppers, mushroom medley, bibimbaps, and a crap ton of meat!!! Everything was really tasty, definitely a good cure for a long weekend out in Vegas!  Service is also awesome :)!
1885	0	I needed a place to sleep for the night in a pinch, so I booked a room here without reading some of the negative reviews.  Bad idea!   First off, the room was very old with dirty carpeting.   The wannabe flatscreen TV was there as a fixture because its quality was horrible.  Internet connectivity was not free, but available for $13.99 / 24 hr.  Given my experience of how crappy the speed of the internet was at a previous stay at another crappy Hilton property, I opted to not sign up and use my iphone instead.    Lastly, you need to buy ear plugs if you want to sleep at this place because you can hear the elevator rumbling up and down all night long!   It was like staying at a train station!   The room was also very stuffy with an odor of cigarettes and some other.    Since I just needed a quick 6-7 hour of sleep and was so tired, I just put up with all this crap.  Otherwise, I would've never stayed here for more than one night.   Overall, it was a very old, stuffy, and noisy hotel and I would not recommend a stay here unless you're super tired and ready to pass out.    The horrid condition of this hotel reminds me of a skanky billionaire inheritant coochi.
858	0	Please Tell me, you are not ready  to serve a full buffet yet ! Awesome architecture. People expect more than a prime rib and turkey roast.... Please take a walk over to the Wynn, you can use my $34.00 to buy a buffet with several entrees and hundred more combinations.   Desert menu is OK, but it doesn't make up for stale tomatoes in the salads, they had a pickled taste !  Complained to personnel, didn't even care.   If you are not ready, you should have opened in January.
1613	1	By far the best breakfast I've ever had. The breads, toasts and croissants are all fresh and made on site. Jams and jellies are... Well let's just say everything on the menu from the breakfast sausage to the orange juice is made on site by Thomas Keller's staff... need I say more. If you want breakfast in Vegas this is the only place to go!!
1464	0	What huge disappointment thankfully we used a groupon and only paid half. Everything overcooked Best part was the all u can drink. I'd say full love no thank u. Hell half isn't even worth it. If u ask me go somewhere else def not worth the wait. Plus staff horrible some old guy fell and no staff member seemed even concerned
1724	1	We were in Vegas for a day and needed a place to take the family of 7 to breakfast.  Checked Yelp and this place was rated #2 for the area.  So we drove over.  When we arrived, the restaurant was full and there were about 20 people waiting outside.  To me, that was a good sign.  We put in our name and waited only about 15 minutes to get seated.    We were immediately greeted by our server Kat and while we were looking at the huge breakfast menu, she was busy slinging our coffee and juices.  It is really hard to make a selection off of their menu.  Everything sounded really good.  Even Kat (the server) couldn't narrow it down to the "best item."  She said the best she could do was a "top 10."    We all ordered something different.  I had the Blackened Prime Rib Eggs Benedict.  It was really amazing.  The Hollandaise sauce tasted exactly how it was supposed to taste.  The Prime Rib could have been a little more blackened for my taste buds, but it was still very good.  Other members of my group had the Hawaiian breakfast with Portuguese Sausage, eggs and sticky rice.  Also ordered was the Chicken Fried Steak Skillet, the Blueberry Waffles, Blueberry Pancakes and your basic egg, meat and potato dish.  Everything was good.  Everyone at the table was raving at how good the food was and how they were all happy with their choices.  The banana nut muffins were an extra special treat.    One more thing.  The service was amazing.  Kat was great...and the manager even came out and checked on us.  Great service!  And, to top it all...all seven of us and were out the door in under an hour even though it was a packed house.    So if you are visiting Vegas and looking for a place to go, forget those expensive buffets and places on the strip and head over to this place.  I guarantee you that you won't be disappointed!
1727	1	Lotus of Siam is a stunning surprise in a city built on either shockingly cheap or shockingly expensive.  Lotus is very good with reasonable prices.  Located in a very random strip mall and (according to our cab driver) dangerous neighborhood, Lotus is a great surprise for out-of-town visitors.    While the reputation of this restaurant precedes it, we were pleasantly surprised.  The food is not fancy but when exiting customers report that it's "worth the wait" to those waiting in 104 degree heat, you know you're know you're spending time well worth waiting.  Upon seating, we noted the myriad of photographs of famous (and mysterious) patrons who have eaten at Lotus.    From the San Francisco Bay Area, where Thai restaurants are found on every corner, I found Lotus to capture traditional flavors, especially in the Crispy Rice appetizer and the large shrimp fried in their shells (which was amazing).  Aside from the scorching summer heat, the level of spiciness in the dishes can KO the novice.  The Thai pepper "salsa" is only for those with asbestos mouths--don't think that cucumber and carrots will save you, they won't.  It was too hot even for our guide who had been there weekly for over nine months.    Overall, the meal was exciting.  I look forward going back to Las Vegas to so I may return to Lotus.
1178	1	Unbelievably, Incredibly Good  I'll spare you a lengthy read.  I came up with the crazy idea to take my wife to one of her favorite restaurants for her birthday.  We flew from San Francisco to Las Vegas to have lunch here.  AND IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!  We will do it again.  It was our second meal there - every bit as good as the first.  The location is not great, but the food is utterly amazing.  EAT HERE.
1144	1	Shake Shack delivers!  Ok.....not like to your home, but they surely do provide FLAVOR and SATISFACTION!  I have been dying to try Shake Shack since my fiance visited Las Vegas without me a few months ago, and was so glad to finally squeeze in some time to stop here on our recent visit.  I ordered the Shack Stack, which is a combination of their vegan burger (stuffed portobello mushroom) on top of their signature patty.  Don't judge me....it was my first experience so I wanted to GO BIG!  My boo insisted on ordering their cheese fries and you know I don't argue when it comes to cheese. *heart eye emoji*  For a busy night on the strip, we didn't wait TOO long.  Our burgers were ready in about 5-10 minutes.  I mean, they have a whole army behind the counter cooking!  The portobello mushroom was fried nicely and had a great crispy outer layer, while still remaining moist inside.  The cheese filled center was absolutely delicious!  Crinkle cut fries are my favorite.  Cover it with a creamy cheese sauce and I am a happy girl!  Finally, their house made shandy was the perfect touch for enjoying our burgers in the hot Las Vegas heat!    The prices are kind of high, but for a restaurant on the strip it's reasonable.  Don't plan to share - portion sizes are just enough.
1403	0	Had  Christmas dinner at the MGM Buffet.  Wanted to go to Bellagio but the wait was more than 2 hours-- same at Wicked Spoon.  There was no wait at MGM which should have been a hint that the Yelp reviews I had read were accurate.  But we were  determined to go to a buffet to please all the various desires of our group and we had run out of time to find a place that did not require a long wait.   Food was what you would find in a cafeteria and the setting reminded me of eating in a hospital cafe.  Certainly not worth the $40 per person.     Asked for a wine list and was given a little piece of paper with a few wines listed but told the prices were not correct -- we were told the prices  were higher than what was listed but wait person did not know the prices.  Other than not knowing prices for wine, our wait person was very helpful.    I should have  paid attention to the Yelp reviews --I will from now on!!
1352	0	Stayed here for a convention.  It was about $130/nt.  Could have gotten a nicer room on the strip for less, and caught a car or the monorail.  Some of the rooms have been remodeled, some haven't.  There's no difference in rate.   Then there's the joy of being nickled and dimed for everything.  Internet (for a hotel that caters to conventioneers, who are there for work usually) cost like $15/day.  Gym facilities? $20/day.  I get it.  People are there for work, work is paying, who cares if you add another surcharge?  I care.  I will not stay here again - too many better options abound.  I was excited to stay in a Hilton hotel.  It didn't live up to the brand.
1779	1	First off, I'm a huge fan of Hubert Keller's TV show and had to visit Las Vegas to dine at his restaurants. Although his other restaurant Fleur (located in the same building downstairs) was somewhat disappointing, the Burger Bar served the best burgers I have ever eaten. I ordered the Hubert Keller burger the first time, and it was delicious. The sweet caramelized onion sauce that came with it was perfect, and the medium rare buffalo patty was cooked to retain the optimal moistness. My dad let me try a bite of his American Classic, also medium rare, and it tasted even better than my burger! I loved this restaurant so much I came here for lunch again days later. Unfortunately, I did not have as great of an experience. I ordered the American Classic, and also I still call for it to be medium rare, it was much dryer than before. I asked for grilled onions instead of raw onions, but they still gave me raw. I called sweet potato fries both times, but they were less crunchy the second time. The service also felt less attentive than it had during the preceding visit. With that said, the Burger Bar still remains my favorite burger place, and I would definitely return on my next visit to Las Vegas.
1830	1	Well let's start with the service. Tamara was our server and we would like to give her 10 stars. The biscuits and eggs were also a 10. They have so many people working everything is do smooth. Packed house but a short wait. Best breakfast place in Vegas. We will be back!
562	0	We chose to go here the day after the Las Vegas marathon because Mexican is always a good day after race meal because it's filling and we are usually starving.   I know it's Vegas and all but the fact that they want you to pay $4 to start off for chips and salsa is a bit crazy especially given that it's a Mexican restaurant. We ordered margaritas and I have to say that this was the worst $13 margarita I have ever had. It tasted so sicky sweet that it was undrinkable. It was almost as if it was all simple syrup mix and no alcohol.   We ordered the steak nachos and thankfully the waitress was wise enough and kind enough to tell us that the nachos would be enough to feed both of us. Boy was she right! We are by no means gals who eat like birds and these nachos could have easily fed 3 of us. So if you want to get your money's worth definitely order the Nachos. There is a nice heaping of guacamole on the top of these which is some decent guac but they are lacking in sour cream - there's very little drizzled across it. (I asked for some extra but it never showed up.) When we asked for some salsa for the nachos we were told it would be an additional $4.  Guys you'll be happy to know that the girls are dressed in a "bad girl" theme and are all pretty attractive. Our waitress was nice enough but the service was still lacking. I'm not sure where in Vegas the other Mexican places are but there has to be something better.
1937	1	Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:  a. Take a long time. b. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.    highlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels.    i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
1094	0	This place was a disappointment.  The wife and I decided to give this place a try after seeing it on the Food Network.  Although the restaurant and walk up area was empty, it took a half an hour to get our order.  We got the ice cream sundae and frozen hot chocolate.  It was pricey and way too sweet.  I understand that the desserts here are supposed to be super rich and decadent, but this was overkill to the point that it was inedible.  We probably ate a quarter of our order and threw the rest away.  Also, would it kill you guys to wipe down the outdoor seating once in a while?  Everything was sticky and attracting bugs.
1435	0	epic disappointment.... although my standards were not high on this one... similar opinion to Gold Nugget buffet heading in....  somehow they managed to really let me down.... food was bad quality, service was subpar and just an overall forgettable experience...   definitely go somewhere else.... you can do a ton better within a 10 minute walk on the strip.....
942	0	This buffet for me was just eh.  I came here for Christmas dinner and they had a different menu than normal.  In general, most of the things I ate were pretty overcooked.  The prime rib was dry as well as the turkey and other roasted meats.  The crab legs were okay if you got them fresh, but many of them were smaller and didn't really have much meat in it.  I saw the section of the buffet where you can customize pasta and they'll make it for you! I was super excited to try it, but unfortunately the pasta was bland and flavorless.  Salt made it slightly better.    The pan fried scallops looked great, but to my dismay, they were very overcooked and not tender at all.    Maybe I just came on the wrong day and most of their food happened to be overcooked.  Although I would expect the Christmas dinner to be of better quality.   The line to get in was pretty long as well and it seemed to be long most days that I walked by the buffet.   A couple good notes were that the service was decent and they have pineapple juice!
1650	0	I was severely disappointed in the food and service at Pampas.  This sort of sums it up: the lousy Margherita that I ordered as soon as we sat down did not come until we were almost done with the over cooked dinner.    Surprise!  The salad bar has a nice selection of items. This creates a false sense of what the meal will be like.   But reality set in when the waiters started to serve the rodizio meats on the skewers. Only one item was medium rare, the sirloin steak.  Other than that, the chicken, sausage, lamb, pork, filet mignon ( a crime to ruin a good cut on beef), ham and other unrecognizable rats were over cooked, dry and tough.  Shoe leather would be more tender.   Wait I am almost done and my Margherita finally arrived. I really need a drink to digest this food. I take a sip and wait, when did 7-11 start making Margherita icee's?  The drink was all crushed ice very little drink. I guess it is a fitting cocktail.      Oh no. The bill just came. They put different tip suggestions based on different percentages.  So the bill was $102 and the 20% tip is $33.40?  What type of math are they using???   On top of everything, Pampas is expensive.  $70 per person.  Save yourself some money and go to a Mc Donald's .
963	0	Horrible food, worst buffet ever. hire new cook s or update your menus w/better tasteful food. quality is poor but quantity is enormous. wanted to contribute rev to the hotel stays restaurants but i would never come here again at @$22+/pop for lunchtime.. do not waste your money, walk across the street for something better, you are in the strip.
1730	1	boyfriends family took us to dinner here since we were in town and we are sooooo obsessed! We are already planning to go back when in town again!!   We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle fries and onion rings! OMG! delicious! I swear the best truffle fries I have ever had cause they glazed the top with the oil too!   I had the Kalbi burger and the fam had the miso, black and green, and the bahn mi burger my burger was korean bbq goodness, with the kimchi and everything! A must try! I had a bite of all the burgers on the table and was not disappointed. Ended with the lava cake for dessert and that also was delish! order it when you order the burgers as it take about 20-25 min to make =)  definitely cannot wait to try the other locations (since they have different menus)   Loveee this place!
1492	1	Where to start. We had been up for roughly 24 hrs when we sat down at midnight to eat dinner. I was whatever a combination of sick, shitfaced and sleep-absent is and got a drink with ginger beer in it that tasted fantastic and immediately made me feel worse; this I was expecting so no deductions. The in house dj had his system up far enough to interfere with those ears trying to make sense of the Bellagio fountain coordination a mile away but no matter-he was great and had enormous hair. I got a Kobe burger with chips, garlic pickles , and something red on it and it was perfect despite the waitress leering at me when I asked for it well. The french fries came in an exciting metal pail that apparently had been heated in an oven since earlier in the week, and didn't cool down prior to us leaving. We also had the mini tacos which were small but no points deducted as the menu called them effing small so whatever. The girls and their black dresses left for the Marquee Club and a petite Indian man who would welcome them into his private tent and Robert and I ordered another drink and went to find the Cosmo poker room which doesn't exist.
285	1	Holy Burger!! This place rocks!!! Wanted something off the strip so we didn't have to pay 25 for a burger and found this little gem...  Delicious burgers ranging from 10-18 a burger, plus 2-6 for fries... Not bad in my opinion.  Came here twice in a period of 5 days and each time was unbelievable...   Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life..  Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!
203	0	Would never go here again. The hostess said it was a 30 minute wait for an outside table & the place wasn't even half full, there were empty tables everywhere including outside. The "mug" drinks were way overpriced, came in a tiny plastic cup & barely had any booze in them. The bartender less friendly then a rabid porcupine. We waited for 20 minutes & NEVER saw a waiter which means we also never got to eat because we became tired of waiting & left. The only semi redeeming quality was the atmosphere, which was pleasantly quiet for a few minutes but after which it became frequently punctuated Every other minute by a loud, obnoxious, mumbled, unintelligible voice screaming some ridiculous crap about something going on in the restaurant.  That was our cue to split & look for a place that would actually be happy to serve us.
1782	0	I get stuck here when I have to work the convention center trade shows. The rooms are craptastic. Small, tattered and lame. One time my drawers kept sliding open because the freakin room was so slanted!! They put plasmas in the room but that couldn't save it.   To make things worse, they have Barry Manalow plastered everywhere with Copa Cabana blaring where ever you go... A Benihana onsite, proximity to the Convention Center and GREAT sports book save this place from one star damnation.
440	1	Went to Gordans steakhouse with the family and friends. Food was really good but quite expensive. Service was great and the restaurant was beautiful. Most Everything is a la carte. It was really cool When they brought out a meat cart and present the different cuts of steak they offer.   We had a big party and had to split a check for our family and they really messed it up. He said it was ok to tip in cash and charge the rest of the bill onto the credit card. We were charged for tip on our credit card after we gave the waiter cash for the tip. We called the restaurant and had to get it fixed. It all could've been avoided if he had remembered to take the gratuity out of the total. I guess we all are human and make mistakes. All in all I Wouldn't mind coming here again.
534	1	Las Vegas' worst kept secret!  In a sea of overpriced food and tiny portions, it's nice to have a cheaper alternative that still tastes good! It's hard to beat $5/slice on the strip! $22 for the whole pie!  You can find this pizza place inside The Cosmopolitan. There is no sign. There is no name. Just a hallway leading to a small room that serves some damn good pizza!  This place really honors the New York style pizza. Thin crust at its finest! I usually don't like eating the crust at the end, but I couldn't get enough of it! There's just enough crust, but their crust is so flavorful. I could eat just a whole pie of that crust!  Their white pizza is the best!! Three different kinds of cheese with no red sauce. Sooooo good! It's like the best cheesy bread you'll ever have! I love the dollops of fresh ricotta that's on it. Their red sauce options are pretty good also, but the white pizza is the best!  By the way, they're open ridiculously late! Totally awesome after a night of drinking at the club! Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this place until the last day of my trip, so I didn't get to taste how freakishly awesome their pizza must taste while drunk.   There's a line here during peak hours! But the wait is toooootally worth it!
1412	1	Huge slices (around 9-10", if I had to guess), thin crust and perfectly cooked. I can attest to the cheese, Sicilian and sausage and ricotta (which apparently was the special that day). They were all delicious with huge punches of flavor. The wait was about 25-30 minutes, but I honestly wasn't bothered by it. This place is a Vegas bucket list / must do things.
1819	1	And here I am thinking that this place was a hidden gem. 82 reviews before me? I'm instantly flaccid. This is like finding out your favorite band is opening for Nickelback.  Ronin burger. Parmesan truffle fries. Lychee soda. Like --- total stomach erection.  Best part is that it's open late... it's going to give Naked Fish a run for its money as a late night poker hangout!
1374	0	this restaurant is completely over rated. the portions are extremely small and over priced. the quality of the food wasnt that great. the decor was awful and the tables and seats look extremely cheap.be careful ordering alcoholic beverages here. i asked for their house chardonnay and didnt realize each glass was 12 dollars! i walked out of this place feeling like i was completely ripped off. serendipity is AWFUL.
1679	1	Was in vegas for the weekend and with one night left, talked with my wife about nice places to go. I was thinking steakhouse, seafood/sushi, etc. Something expensive and fancy on the strip. She said a friend told her about a Thai restaurant(she loves thai and im starting to) that she HAS to go to. She called him to get the name, and we went to Lotus of Siam. Overall, absolutely phenominal. The duck in creamy curry(no clue what its actually called) was the best. Fried rice and garlic prawns great as well. Spent 40-50 on round trip cabs but it was worth it.
1815	0	45 minute wait in line? Really??? Seriously? Ridiculous!!  There were lots of tables either open or needing to be bussed and that line would have moved a LOT better.   Almost missed my cirque show cause of this place. You come to a buffet cause you want to come in sit down, eat, and move on. Well not this place!
1419	0	This place is not very good.You get a 2for1 if you stay at TI which is all that it's worth, if that.  The food is cold and the only "fresh" thing I could see was the pasta made in front of you with choices of sauces/pasta.And the poor staff are not happy.Our guy never cracked a smile even when we try to make a little small talk.At least we didn't have to walk far to be disappointed.Oh wait, they did have fresh fruit (kinda sorta) so that was good if you like melons and pineapple.
1916	0	Whatever you do DON'T stay in the courtyard rooms no matter how cheap they are. The walls are so thin you can hear everybody's conversations and you will definitely get woken up by constant loud noise. The room is also outdated. There's also no elevators for the courtyard rooms. Pay the upgrade to stay in the tower. It's so much nicer. The Oyster Bar is the best thing here, but be prepared to stand in line and wait. There's always a lot of people waiting unless you go in the middle of the night. There's only bar seating.
1882	0	I was in vegas for a convention, and stayed here for three nights.  Let me just tell you, you get what you pay for, except you get a little bit less.  I tried have an open mind when I came here, but started hating this place when I couldn't sleep all night long! I could hear the people on top floor and could hear everything that was going on in the hallway, and because it's Vegas, there was always activity in the hallway all night long! It was so bad, that I had to make ear plugs from toilet paper! The next two nights I left the bathroom and the room fan running all night long for white noise effect- it helped.   The best thing about this place is oyster bar!  Would not stay here again, but will come back to eat at the oyster bar.
559	1	Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR!   If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot.   When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here.   Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
258	1	I always get the Miyagi-San burger and truffle fries, but the porcini sauce on the fries never seems to be enough and I always have to ask for extra sauce which isn't free. I've also tried their ramen but have just decided to stick with their burgers. I really don't like paying almost 14 bucks for a burger but this is truly worth it and can't eat a regular burger anymore.
736	1	I will keep it simple. It's very rare to enjoy a duck bacon burger cooked the way I ordered it as much as this burger. I also want to add that the fries at Gordon Ramsey burger where just as good as the burger.  As other reviews have written they had a long wait to be seated, I was lucky to have a short 10 min wait.
1224	0	If u want to eat at a place similar to Dennys, but over priced?? Come to this place...  Wasn't satisfied with my food, nor my coffee...   Is a traditional American breakfast with a fancy name... Nothing else I can say about this place... not worth it...
165	1	Slow service so have plenty of time. LOVE the food here. I recommend almond boba, the ronin burger, steamed buns, fish chips, and hot sake. My kind of night! Art on the wall is cool too. This place isn't for everyone. Seating is a little uncomfortable and you can here everyone else's dumb conversations. You also have to have a palate for this stuff. Also, hard to see from the street so keep your eyes peeled.
1537	1	The spicy tuna kimbab was probably what life is supposed to be (i loved it) the service was quick and the selection while not massive, is still accommodating beer selection is quick and to the point and gives you the best selections from a few different regions all in all a great experience.
1057	0	This experience was just blah.  My yardstick was really good but my margarita was just meh. The service was awful. Besides the yardsticks I really have nothing good To say about this place. It's Vegas you can get better drinks for a better price anywhere.
626	0	I gave this hotel 2 stars but I'm not sure why. The room has a nice blind. That's probably what rises it from the one star i really think this place should get. I'm not a real fan of vegas, but I've stayed at places far nicer than this. For most meals i went across the street to New York because all there is here are either hugely overpriced places or macdonalds and nothing in between. Nothing at all if you like to, ahem, eat healthy food which doesn't seem like most people in vegas want to do I suppose.  Lousy music follows you everywhere. The cardio room was HOT - must have been 85-90 degrees in there - not good - equipment was OK but they could use a few more ellipticals. If you're into treadmill you're in luck, but only if you like to do your cardio in a sauna.  The room itself was small, noisy (bring your earplugs), housekeeping did not pay attention to do not disturb (wellness check? Have you thought of using the phone?), no fridge - just a mini bar that they have no problem telling you they will CHARGE you if you put your own stuff in there. No Coffee machine - that just makes me grumpy in the morning. Lines at check in were long, long, long, Why do people put up with this? I don't know, maybe it's just Vegas, but this place seems even worse than most. Not recommended.
373	0	I stayed here last month and this hotel is definitely a "you get what you pay for" hotel.  It's very small compared to the gigantors surrounding it. You can stand at one end of the casino and see the other end very clearly.  Their giftshop by the entrance seemed to never be open.  The room I stayed in had one power outlet and it wasn't by the desk.  The bathroom door didn't fit through the door frame for some reason so it wasn't able to shut.  The air conditioner didn't work but I didn't mind.    I gave a star for the room service ladies and gents.  They were always greeting me and offered towels galore.  The second star is for their mini 24/hr convenience store located by the elevators and pool entrance.  Everything you need is in there.    Speaking of the pool, it doesn't look like what it does in some of the yelp photos.  I think they renovated it and now it's just two pools. The waterfall and two "mini" pools are gone.   Overall, if you're on a budget and want to splurge on other things and just need a place to sleep, this is it.
1573	0	Nothing more than an attempt at a fancy diner with the outcome of failure.  1. Overpriced for what you get.  $14 for a sandwich and fries. Should've been half the price.  2. Below average food. I got an angus steak melt on rye with sauteed onions and swiss that came with a side of fries . I asked for medium well, and it was pink. The whole sandwich was bland. No flavors at all. The onions were bland. The meat was bland. The fries tasted like McDonald's or Dairy Queen's.  Go to Spice Market Buffet if you want good food at PH.
134	1	Little gem away from the strip.  Very creative and mouth watering burgers. Ok, the fries are amazing too.  We got the truffle fries and the chili fries.  Both are super tasty. The black and green burger,  the Kiki burger and the regular bacon cheese burger were out of this world!  The blending of the flavors and the quality of the craftsmanship elevated these burgers to a new high. I'm not even done with lunch that I'm completing this review. Amazing experience and absolutely delicious food.
467	0	After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where do I even begin...   As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time do you spend in the hotel?   Having that been said let's get down to business...  Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives.   For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).  The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.    25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that?   Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))    I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....  Negatives.  The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey.   The AC did little to nothing in our room...  No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room.   Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.  I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it"   The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here.   I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal.    In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place.   I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.  1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person....  Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you.   2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....  While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant."   After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries.   Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!?   We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$!   At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL   Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off.    That is all I care to write about this place...   While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!  2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings.   peace
1276	1	Second only to In and out, Hubert Keller's Burger bar is a top burger joint.  Ive been there twice and have tasted four different creations of burger and they are all delicious.  I love how many different toppings you can choose, and they are all high quality ingredients.  You can go from really fancy (truffles, lobsters, Kobe beef) or just plain ol american.  Either way, it can form to any wallet.  If you dont want to choose your own ingredients they have pre-selected top burgers, the Blackjack burger was really good.  I thought the skinney fries were too overdone, but the sweet potato fries were good.  This time around we tried a milkshake, the Black and White one.  OMG milkshakegasm.  Delicious, creamy, chuncks of cookie dough and homemade chocolate whipped cream.  If that isnt you thing, I hear Burger Bar has the largest selection of beers on tap ON THE WHOLE STRIP.   The french man created the best over the top burger joint- good eats with a healthy dash of Vegas Flash.
1322	1	Oh my god! Best breakfast/brunch I've had in my life! Everything was traditional american breakfast fare with a twist. The presentation of the food is quite amazing, and the taste is just as much. Bring an appetite to this place, because the portions are no joke, and are you'll be able to share.
44	0	We visited this restaurant for Valentine's Day and had an ok experience. The food was just ok.  We have been to Texas de Brazil many times so that is where a bar was set.  Customer service here was the worst part.  We waited at least 20 minutes for our water that we were charged a "water surcharge" for. The waitress seemed very confused.   The seating is very close to the other diners so if they are experiencing problems you know about it.  The people next to us bought a very expensive package and never received most of the perks that went with it.  Mainly the lobster.  The food at the salad bar was just ok. Not worth the price they were charging.   In my opinion, go to Fogo or Texas de Brazil if you want a good Brazilian experience.    Don't waist our time here.
1855	0	This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system.   The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back isclose toeach other and there is very little privacy...  So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait,  food is Just vey average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
584	0	What a joke of an establishment.   Rude staff. 20 minutes for a drink order. Aloof when taking order. Aloof when bringing food. Sarcastic when asking if we needed anything else.   Disgusting food. That's a tough thing for me to say because never would I say food is disgusting if it truly wasn't.   Cold fries. Who the hell serves up cold fries nowadays?!  Onion rings made out of the outer rind of the onion. You know, the first layer under the peel? Yeah that tough one that you don't eat.   Fish tacos. What a joke! Raw and cold.   Wagyu sliders. Dry like the Vegas desert. It was so bland it was comical.    Will never ever ever step foot here nor recommend it to anyone. Don't waste your time. For vegas being the home to fantastic dining, do not! For the price of this place, go to a fabulous steakhouse instead.  And to the "chefs" working that night-- shame on you! If there was an ounce of pride in what you do, it wouldn't have reflected so damn POORLY in what was served! Shame on you!
1689	1	Wow! So we came to Vegas for a quick getaway. As we were leaving our hotel, our valet attendant told us to try this place for some great breakfast! Soooooo glad we did!  Thee is ample parking and our wait time was like, 25 seconds. We were taken care of right away. We go super delicious coffee, beyond superb customer service, and a great atmosphere to spend a morning or afternoon to indulge in tasty breakfast food.   Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
157	0	Our group ate a predetermined BBQ meal consisting of chicken, beef rib, beans, corn on the cob, salad, and a roll. Paula Deen would be proud. Much of the food I had in AZ was piss poor. I was hoping to order off the menu which I assume has got to be better. The view isn't all that great either. What is there to look at? The buildings downtown waaaay off in the distance?  The urinals(2) in the men's room are placed right next to each other almost like it's designed for siamese twins to pee in. There is no divider. What a joy to have some idiot step up and piss that close to me. I could only picture there being splatter all over my jacket & pants. Ugh, what an ordeal.
1347	1	We had reservations at 5pm on a Friday. We wanted reservations at 6pm but couldn't get in. We were concerned it was too early but really had no choice. It turned out prefect because our server asked about our plans for the evening & we told him we had a show to catch at 9 so he planned the timing of our courses. They took their time & brought everything out at a prefect time! Loved it! That was so thoughtful of them!  I have to say we had the best time, meal & service at Gordan Ramsay Steak during our short stay in Vegas! The atmosphere was nice & dim even though it was a little loud in there. We had oysters on the half shell, foie gras, ribeye, lamb, truffle fingerling potatoes, asparagus, bone morrow & the sticky toffee pudding.   Oysters were prefect! There were 3 different kinds of oysters & it came with 3 different sauces to top off. The foie gras was amazing! It was our first time having foie gras. I've seen what it looked like but wasn't sure how the taste & texture was. We loved it & will definitely have it more often! The foie gras had a nice sear on the outside & it came with 2 small pop overs that had gooseberries & gooseberry sauce. It was delicious! Everything paired so nicely! The ribeye was cooked to perfection! There was a nice char on the outside from the grill & the inside was nice & medium rare, how we ordered it. It didn't come with sides so we ordered the truffle fingerling potatoes - it was just ok to me & the asparagus -this was delish! Cooked perfectly! The lamb came with 1 lamb chop, a small Shepards pie, roasted carrots & mashed potatoes. Loved everything except the pie was too salty for me. The bone morrow was just ok. I've had better. I didn't care for that green sauce on top. Not even sure what it was. The dessert, sticky toffee pudding was to die for!!!!!! It was like a small cake & they poured toffee sauce on top & it came with brown butter ice cream shaped like a stick of butter. Heaven!! Soooooo good! The coffee came in a french press & they even provided 3 complimentary chocolate spoons (had alky in it) to stir into your coffee. I passed on that since I'm pregnant but hubby tried it. Be careful, he said it was pretty sweet so you might not want to use all the chocolate.  Very pricy but definitely a must try, at least once.
565	1	BEST THAI FOOD IN LAS VEGAS! This place is seriously amazing. It's off the beaten path in a pretty suspicious plaza. This place is always busy, we got there ten minutes before they opened on a Sunday for dinner and there was at least twenty people in line. It's totally worth any wait though. They have an impressive wine selection (a lot of rieslings) and everything on their menu is great. I always go with the Pineapple fried rice, spice level 8. It's so flavorful and the pineapple adds the appropriate amount of sweetness to offset the spiciness. A great appetizer is the crispy rice or the garlic wings. Seriously, you need to get the wings. The fried garlic is mouthwatering and the wings are so crispy. It's totally worth the trek over, if you're in Las Vegas and don't eat here you're making a mistake.
984	0	This was a terrible experience for us. Probably the worst service I have EVER had. Luckily we had a groupon so it cut the price down, but we sat at our table for almost 20 minutes before our server ever came by to take our order and let us know how it worked. ( We didn't know to just go to the salad bar.) WE then ordered our drinks which took another 15-20 minutes. The meat servers were ok, but we had to ask for Pork, and we never got any of some of the other things. Now mind you it was lunch time, so not super busy. I can't imagine how bad it would be if they were busy. servers would just walk right past you and ignore you. We had servers helping people RIGHT next to us and well as just a few tables away. Even some of them complained about the level or lack of service. After over an hour, we finally had to flag someone down and ask them about our dessert we were supposed to receive with our meal, and told them we would need it to go since they took so long. IF I was the owner or manager, I would be taking a hard look at what is happening in my restaurant. FOr as expensive as this restaurant is, the service should be top notch. I get better help at Mc Donalds. Don't waste your time find another Braziliian steak house.
438	0	I won't write too much about this buffet. It got the job done as far as filling our tummies but it was nothing amazing. The only thing it had going for it was the mimosas and even those were meh...ok. Just expect your run of the mill cafeteria offerings and you won't be too disappointed.
514	1	Loved BurGR! My husband visited on our most recent Vegas trip, and we were very pleased. My hubby got the mushroom burger I don't remember the name but he loved it. And I had the hog burger, which was juicy and had a really good smokey pork flavor. My all time favorite though were the truffle fries and homemade ketchup and garlic aoli sauces. They are very addicting!   The atmosphere is clean and organized here, and the wait staff were great. We say right in front of the cool fire display.  I regret not trying the milkshakes, they looked really good. I will have to visit again and order one next time!
1203	1	Oh! When I am sitting at home in New England, the Peppermill is what I dream of. Here's the deal.....the food is straight up Denny's. Only there is a TON of it. But who cares....toast your toes 'round the awesome water feature/gas jet in the Fireside Lounge. Order a giant Blue Hawaiian and admire the server's slinky, thigh-high slit evening gown. Zone out on the weird music videos on the little TV's.  Be hilarious and put three straws together to sip on someone's wacky drink across the way. And lighten up. This place is the last of a dying breed. The world today needs way more fake trees, mirrors, and awesome neon lighting.
538	0	Food: 1/5 Service: 3/5 Cleanliness: 4/5 Decor & Style: 5/5  The quality has really gone down hill since I first started coming here when it first opened. The pizza tasted like a frozen pizza from walmart as well as the wings. The deserts are not as fancy as they use to be. The location is still great so I may just stop by for beer next time, never the food! The place was approximately 75% empty at 6 o clock on a Thursday. I remember back then it was crowded and I had to wait in line. I really question how long this place will stay open!
124	1	This was hands-down the best food I've ever eaten. Had the pork belly appetizer, fresh oysters (I'm an oyster connoisseur...these are the best, FRESHEST I've ever eaten) beef wellington, and seafood plate (can't remember the actual name of the dish.)  Drinks were fabulous. Portions were perfect. Oh, and the dessert! Sticky pudding is to die for. Eating here was an awesome experience...in itself worth the trip.
1723	1	I've been coming here for years, originally for the lunch buffet and now for the occasional dinner. It's a little pricey and always packed in the evenings, and for good reason. This food is top notch, better than Komol or any other Thai restaurant I've been to in town. It's an an unassuming, unimpressive, and perhaps uninviting strip mall, but this area's always been home to a mix of dives and delights, don't judge the book by it's cover or the guy hitting you up for money in the parking lot.  Once inside, you'll see the space is kept up well and has a substantial wine collection. I can't comment on that since I've always thrown all my money into food and sometimes a thai tea. Their signature cuisine is northern Thai, and while I don't have other cuisine from that region to compare it to, it is delicious. That said, so are the more traditional dishes. The orange chicken, which was good during the lunch buffet, is outstanding when made to order. The pineapple fried rice has a great depth of flavor and is well-seasoned. Anything with crispy duck is excellent. The last time we had a northern Thai shrimp curry that was top notch. If you're not picky, just give the server some general parameters and they'll take care of it for you. You want a curry, pineapple rice, and crispy duck dish? Say no more. I haven't had something for dinner yet that I felt was "meh." The only problem, if you can call it that, is that the menu is huge which can make it tough to decide but on the other hand always provides some room to explore.   This is a Vegas must. Call ahead to find out the wait time and see if you can put your name on the list. Expect a 45 minute wait for take-out. Don't think you can waltz in for dinner, any day of the week, without a 30 minute wait.
1703	1	The best BURGER in the world.  Yes, it is $10.00 more than a double double @ in-n-out, but the quality and the thickness of the beef is superb!  They cook their burger to PERFECTION, and you'll never find another place with this quality of beef.   Not only is the beef perfect, but also their toppings.  You get to choose ANY topping you like on your burger.  I always get avocado with mozzarella and satuee portobello mushroom.  MMmmm, mummmm, mummm.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.  On yeah, you also get to choose the type of bread you want around your burger.  I always choose ciabatta bread because it's mostly crust with little dough in side.  I'm weird, I always eat the outside of the bread, but not the inside.    Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, you gotta come here and try their burger.  I assure you with one bite, you'll be hook and will always have to come back here for another burger whenever you're in town!
753	1	Loved this place! Everything was exceptional; the service was excellent, the restaurant was extremely busy, my friend and I both ordered the Chef Ramses' infamous beef Wellington. We waited two hours to receive our entrees :( definitely worth the wait. I ordered the mac and cheese and my friend ordered the asparagus to accompany our meals. When we finally received our entrees it was too late to eat our sides, we just devoured our wellingtons. Food was delicious, will definitely recommend an earlier reservation on the weekends since it's so busy, food takes longer to arrive. It does say on the menu beef Wellington will take about 45 min to cook but 2 hours was a bit too long.
1066	0	We ate lunch there twice during our stay ... both times were just so-so.  I've read some of the previous reviews, and don't know what "variety" some of you are referring to.  I am not a picky eater but could only find a few items to eat.  My husband and I also received the 2 for 1 offer for the buffet.  Yes, it was cheaper than going to some of the other buffets but I really don't think it was worth the savings.  They had no seafood whatsoever during the week (for lunch or dinner ... we went in late for lunch and hung out for dinner).  The best thing about the place was their fresh salad bar where they make the salad any way you like.  The desserts were awful ... minus the homeade powdered donuts which were excellent.  Would I come back again?  No way.  We went to the buffet in Harrah's and spent less than what we did at the buffet in TI (with a 2 for 1 coupon) and it was delicious.  If you wait around until it's lunch time they will serve prime rib, peel and eat shrimp, ham, etc.
1381	1	This was our top find exploring off-strip. I insist you go here for breakfast or lunch at least once. The portions are massive, the quality of the ingredients is spectacular, and the menu is truly creative. I hear the Bloody Mary here is to die for... Oh, and nice decor too.
1376	1	OMG! omg, omg, omg. Did I say OMG?!    I have to tell you that I am NOT a fan a breakfast. I do eat it though and it's ok. I have never been wowed by breakfast. Let me just tell you that since visiting the Hash House, I have eaten those words. I have never been to a breakfast place where EVERYTHING (and I do mean everything) was delicious.  First let start off with the decor. This is a very nice place. Got a kinda old country/modern type feel. They have an outside patio in the front and also in the rear. The bathrooms are clean and quaint.   Enough of that, on to the grub. I ordered the pancake tractor breakfast with a rudy red mimosa. My hubby ordered the corned beef hask skillet with coffee. I have pictures of the food but the mimosa was so damn good, I finished it before remembering to take pics. (sorry)  My breakfast came with 2 eggs, potatoes and a pancake. Like I mentioned, I'm not a big breakfast eater, so I didn't want any meat. When my platter came (that's right, I said PLATTER), I couldn't do anything but buck my eyes. How big is this pancake, I asked the waitress. And I quote" 18 inches". When I tasted the food all I could say was ummm. They eggs tasted like they plucked them from up under a chicken they had out back. (don't know if they have a chicken house out back, but they were just that fresh!) The potatoes were awesome and the pancake tasted like buttermilk.  My hubby food came but before that he couldn't stop talking about the coffee. Now let me tell you, my husband drinks coffee, I don't. All he could talk about before his food came was how good the coffee was. I'm serious, he would not shut up about this coffee. He made me try the coffee. It was ok but like I said, I'm not a coffee drinker.  To quote my hubby, "This is some damn good hash. The best I ever had". My plate had so  much food on it 3 people could have ate with me. Even my husband had food left on his plate (and that's a surprise cause he usually don't leave anything!)   The bill came out to $40 but it was well worth it. You will not be sorry. I say go to Hash House on Sahara.
787	0	This place used to be pretty decent but we had the worst experience here this week. We got stuck in the West wing and our room was awful. I've stayed in better low end hotels like Motel 6 before. We were on the 5th floor and there has literally been a plate of room service waste sitting outside the elevators for the last 4 days! We will never stay here again! impress manger utter term ballys bitches volume temp gelato cmon horrific avoided bamboozled
320	1	We waited 25 minutes for a table and is worth every minute!they make u feel comfortable while your waiting.u can gamble n have a drink while you wait and they announce it over the loud speaker.it was cool!and nice!the french toast was amazing and the bavon melted on your mouth.it was soooo yummy!there portions are huge!i will come back to the peppermill  everytime im here for sure!
1837	1	Every good thing you've heard and read about LOS is true.  I am back from my latest jaunt to Viva and finally had a chance to dine at LOS.  We went during lunch.  At first I wanted to try the buffet, but thought better of trying the authentic Thai that I've always wanted to try.  Besides, the buffet had limited traditional dishes that I could get at Panda Express.  No, I wanted the real deal.  And I got it.  To start, we had the Beef Satay.  The peanut sauce was awesome, a bit spicy and flavorful.  The cucumber salad was crunchy and fresh.  Then the spicy chicken wings.  Why?  Why can I never make these at home?  The sweet-spicy garlic chile sauce was great and the wing itself was crunchy and hot.  Just like it is supposed to be.  I could have made a meal from that alone.  On to the entrees:  MEE KROB RAD NA-Crispy egg noodle topped with straw mushroom, vegetable and gravy. I had it with chicken and it was so good.  even when I pushed it aside, I was still eating from the bowl.  MOO YANG-Marinated charbroiled pork, served with spicy sauce.  Without the spicy sauce, it was a star.  With the sauce, it rang out with high notes.  The service was attentive and warm.  I absolutely enjoyed the experience and will return.  Don't let the area deter you from this gem.
374	1	I love everything about this place. It stands for something, a voice of truth, reason, and simplicity in a city built on ostentatious complexity and because of this, I can say with complete confidence that there is not a better meal in Las Vegas.   So rare it is to find a great meal and an unbelievable price for Las Vegas that I would choose a meal at the Pizzeria over any other place in town. I mean it. Here you will not find a line for gamblers who have been given complementary dining and line passes, you will not need a reservation, and you will not find a dress code.   What you will find inside this hallway is truth. People who seem genuinely happy you came in to grab a slice. You will find real pizza. Unharmed by some celebrity chef being paid too much to make expensive food that is rarely worth the cost.   Your food is served on a cheap paper plate, your beer is served in a red plastic college party cup. Have a seat on one of the three barstools, play some pinball, watch some sports and soak it in because when you exit through that hallway, you will not find another real restaurant on the Strip until you return.
1098	0	I only ate here because it came free with our room (and with unlimited drinks at the west wing bar...woohoo!)   I agree with lots of others here, its not the best but not the worst either...but definitely not worth the money they ask for.  If you get this place comped or free, then COOL! You can never go wrong with omelets and bacon for breakfast or mashed potatoes and fried chicken and salads for dinner.  Don't expect much from this buffet and don't pay full price either. Studio B buffet is half the cost and WAY better.   Pros: -Convenient if you're staying at the hotel and can get comped for it, you'll be seated quicker -Has solid buffet basics:fresh green salads and veggies, potatoes and chicken...if you don't go fancy you'll be okay.  Cons: -The "fancier" items looked really suspect to me.  -Super busy and kinda nuts in there. Didn't really like the traffic in and around this buffet.
1037	0	Date & Time:  Monday July 25, 2016 @ 9pm Dining Companions:  In- Laws, Mommy & Husband Scene:  Families in Tee Shirts & Shorts Decor:  6 Buffet Stations:  Salad, Raw Bar, Chinese, Italian, Mexican & Dessert Service:  Friendly Imbibe:  Self-Serve Fountain Soda & Iced Tea Devour:  Panna Cotta Mediocre:  Tortilla Soup, Corn-on-The-Cob, Apple Pie Total:  $125
1769	0	Stayed at LVH for a convention - it is Okay at best.  Room was clean, TV channel quality was poor and food was good.  Would only recommend if you want to stay close to the convention center.  Staff was friendly, but nothing stands out at this hotel except for the proximity to the convention center.  Must be why it is no longer a Hilton
517	0	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! This place got me hella sick!  A whole day in Vegas ruined!!!   Never eat the chili!!! Right after I ate the hotdog, my stomach was killing me.  I had the runs and I threw up. A whole night in Vegas spent lying in bed sick because of this.
1356	0	Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
1350	0	Was enjoying my beef brisket noodle soup while reading the news when something below caught my eye.  Right in front of the noodle bar (where they make the noodle) I see a cricket stuck in the little case in front of the noodle bar.  I felt bad because the poor thing couldn't get out.  Definitely stopped eating the noodles & told my server.
1294	0	Not sure what happened to this place. I ate here on my previous trip to Vegas in 2006 and the food was decent, but this time, the breakfast buffet was pretty bad. The eggs literally had water sitting in the bottom of the pan and were beyond mushy and some of the other food just didn't look appetizing. We ate here 2 mornings and one morning we got this humongous glass of OJ and the other morning we got a glass of OJ that was meant for a baby...pretty weird and trying to get our servers attention on the 2nd visit for refills was pretty impossible. The highlight of the buffet was the omelette station. You can pretty much customize what you want in it, and is made to order; the wait was only around 5 minutes for one. Honestly, the only reason we ate here 2 mornings was because we had coupons from staying at PH and it was cheaper than the cafe in the hotel. We were pretty selective on our tastings the 2nd trip though.
758	0	if you want CHEAP ROOMS this could be the place ...just be prepared to bend over for anything else...breakfast buffet is mediocre at best and it's $16.99...go next door to the Peppermill and get REAL FOOD Slot and poker pay backs are the worst in the valley, best described as rob and pillage because it certainly isn't gambling  I'm a local and I know when I'm getting shafted, video poker min pay in $20 w/ max play to qualify for a $1 draft beer....in over a year I actually broke EVEN TWICE!!!  I now play elsewhere and experience true Vegas Value
1864	0	Guy with the microphone and mohawk was a complete jerk!  Girls were dancing on stage and a friend of mine went up to join.  He told her "get the F* off the stage now or I'll F*ing throw you off".  Since when is it okay  to cuss and be rude to customers?  There were people up on the stage the whole nigh.  Not sure what the big deal was but he could have just asked her.    Rest of the staff was super friendly and great!
232	1	I love this place, it's my 4th time here and it's kinda become a tradition to eat lunch before heading back into LA. All the servers and cocktail servers are pleasant. While waiting for our table we went into the lounge and had cocktails by the fire pit. Best Bloody Mary in town, honestly! We loved our lunch today. Corned beef hash was amazing. I don't remember the lady's name who was our server, she had blonde hair, probably in her 50's? She was awesome.
839	0	Ok, here's the scoop. We're Las Vegas locals and try and hit most of the Strip and off Strip restaurants, buffets included. We gave it a whirl for Saturday night dinner buffet.  First stop  ..the centrally located Seafood island. We got a sampling of crab legs, oysters on the half shell, yellowtail sushi etc. The crab was mushy, I also got a few bad oysters (mushy too), the sushi was passable.  Next we hit the rest of the lines offerings.  Skipping most to try a few items I normally like. Tried the obligatory Prime Rib, which was fine, but certainly not as good as a stand alone Prime Rib restaurant. Tandoori chicken was next.  The chicken was ok, but very dry. I then got a few slices of deli salami.  All were overly chewy and had a funny taste. At that point I went on to some melon , all of which were totally unripe and tasted like cardboard.  I finally went to the desert station and got a small sampling of baked goods. They were ok, but I have to say I was disappointed that they had no ice cream to complement the Bananas Foster. In all fairness they told me the machine was broken.  All in all, I would say the meal was mediocre.   The meal was barely passable, however we will not be making a return trip. My wife made the same comments to me. If you want a truly good buffet, try The Bachanal at Caesars Palace. It was NOT worth the price of admission.
510	0	The only reason I'm giving this place one star is because if i have it a ZERO my comments wouldn't get posted. I made my reservations 7 months in advance for a room with two queen beds. I called the hotel 3 days prior to my trip and confirmed my reservation, one room with two queen beds with a person at the front desk. When I arrived, I was told my reservation was for one King size bed. When I tried to explain to them that was incorrect, they told me I must have made the error while booking the room.   There were six people in our party and we individually booked three rooms with two queen beds for the same night. At check in, all six of us were told our reservations were for rooms with a single king bed. Although they brought up a roll away bed, no other compensation was given for their obvious booking error.   I asked to speak to a manager but no one was available. They took my name and number and to this day, no one from the hotel has called back. Do yourself a favor and stay at a Motel 6
1185	1	Everyone has to eat here at least once in their life!  Let's go straight to the point:  - MORE THAN ENOUGH portions and FULL of flavour - Excellent service: prompt, polite, and accommodating  - Clean inside and outside of restaurant  American classics with a twist. They're a bit pricey but it's so worth it! There's also a 24/7 location inside The Quad to satisfy your late-night munchies. The top item in the menu is the 'Sage Fried Chicken Benedict' and is highly recommended for you first-timers and the hollandaise sauce is the star of the dish. A good place to bring a date and pig out, feed each other, or share one item since the portions are huge.   COME HERE.
1836	0	i would give this place zero star if i could. (typical raging yelper quote) i am not mad, because i got two buffet for free. i am just mad that i had to spend my dinner eating garbage they serve here when i could've had eaten else where, and be satisfied.  okay, back to realism.  there are quiet bit of selection of food to choose from, and they could look deceivingly good.  but the taste is where my rage-review comes from.  imagine the most horrifying cafeteria food, or your nearby worst buffet food, combine them and you have mgm grand buffet.   their rooms are nice , but this buffet needs to move out to elsewhere.   jesus, how do they maintain this buffet place?  dinner $29.99 - lol, i won't even pay $4.99 to eat that crap again.
329	1	Delicious food! Loved the Salmon Carpaccio, it was succulent and tasty! We enjoyed a wide range of meat and vegetables from the menu.  The kimchi and other salads provided complimented the meat chosen.  The staff was quick, efficient and very helpful.  I would definitely return for dinner or lunch!
1577	1	I freaking LOVE this place!  All the times I would go to Vegas and drive by, I would think--I  want to go there because it looked so funny.    Anyways, last February is the first time I went to the Peppermill with my then fiance--but now turned hubby.  :)  He said this place is linked to a chain in NorCal and Tahoe?  Anyways...it was pure bliss.  Much better than most food at the hotels.    I had the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was amazing!  My husband had the patty melt and it was delish!  The portions are huge...great leftovers when you wake up all cruda the next morning!  Plus they are open 24 hours...so you can go in all drunk, lol!  Anyways, this place is awesome and funky.  they have red white and blue sugar granules that you can even buy!  The lounge is awesome and they have these cocktail servers that roam the restaurant in these funky black dressses and the servers in the restaurant wear funky polyester uniforms...pretty funny.  I loved the fireside lounge too!  So funny!  good crowd!  I love places like these! :)
1915	0	Cool decor (as you would expect in Vegas). I had the beef chow fun and the noodles themselves were good but the dish overall was pretty bland. All of the other food that was put out on tables next to me didn't look too impressive either. Not impressed.
1304	0	Went last night, 2/8/13.  Food was AWFUL!  My husband had a "medium well" steak that was tasteless and OVERcooked (like rubber).  He couldn't eat it.  I tried it and couldn't chew it.   I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and it was TERRIBLE.  DRY!!!  Ate three bites.  My daughter ordered a cheeseburger which was okay.  Fries were cold.  We all had the salad which wasn't anything special.  Head lettuce with their "own" ranch dressing.  The biscuits were dry and cold.  The green beans were cold and mushy.  The corn was cold.  The baked beans were gross.  The fry bread was good.  After waiting an hour for a table, I'm convinced that our food was sitting under warmers, hence the results.  If we'd been wasted, as many patrons were, we might of thought the food was acceptable, but we weren't.  Also, the bull in the front of the restaurant didn't exactly help my appetite. The smell was unbearable, even inside.  We will NEVER go here again.  The restaurant was cool and the band made the atmosphere but the food was simply BAD!  The view was really pretty.  *We didn't complain to the waiter simply because we didn't want to try ANYTHING else.  Figured we'd pay and NEVER go back!
522	0	Mediocre at best.  The salad was generously sized but boring. My friend had a decent burger with OK fries. Two of us got a $15 glass of wine that was minuscule. They should cut back on the portions of their bland food and pour an average glass of wine.
454	0	Went to MGM buffet for brunch. Thank god we got the buffet vouchers (since we stayed at the hotel) and didn't spend our own money. This is not a Las Vegas standard for buffets, this is more like a HomeTown buffet. Very mediocre food selection, no presentation, rice krispies for dessert?!  Need i say more?
3	0	This buffet is crap if you eat here at least once a day, which we did for 5 days during our stay. Lunch is basically leftovers from the previous night's dinner, but guess what, the menu never changes! It's the same stuff every day. However, one day, there was NY Steak straight from the grill, but the price per person shoots up to like $40 (not worth it for just steak and the same stuff). One extra star for the frozen yogurt at the dessert area, which I never got sick of.
1180	1	I only eat pizza in two scenarios: When I'm in NYC and when I'm in Vegas--at Secret Pizza. This is LEGIT NY style pizza and it's absolutely amazing. I almost don't want to tell anyone else about it because it's so secret :). If you can find it, eat it. That's all there is to it.
696	0	Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.  On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
1072	0	Three things: 1. Our server was very kind (black chick). 2. Another server was a bitch, rolling her eyes at our request for new utensils, since we received dirty ones (blonde chick). She did not grant our request. 3. Wings were below average. It filled me up, but did not satisfy.
34	0	Horrible.  The food was so chewy and uneatable and the service was so bad.    I mean, our waiter was nice when she was at our table, but she wasn't at the table to often.   We had to always call for her, she would say "yes I'll be right there" then she would walk away and not come to us.   The shrimps and muscles were very fishy and the meat was so chewy like gum.  I did not enjoy my dinner here at all.  One good thing about this place is the olives at the salad bar.  They were very yummy. I'm not the only one who was annoyed.  There was a couple at the other table for 5+ minutes and no one came and took their drink orders.  When they came up to the waitress she had told them "oh we're not serving at that table".     Why would you seat people there if you aren't serving at that table? And mind you, the servers passed by this couple multiple times and didn't tell them anything.  Eventually they moved the couple to a different table.   Anyways, to conclude my thoughts, I will not come here again. Horrible first experience.
759	0	I don't get it.  We had bottle service.  The drinks were meh.  The music wasn't much better.  I couldn't get my dance on.  Tao kept launching streamers in the air which of course landed in my champagne each and every time.  Strict dress code.  *Please keep in mind that I am not a clubber, I like to lounge Hollywood style.
1924	1	There's a reason that I visit Gordon Ramsay's restaurants whenever visit London or Las Vegas.  You are guaranteed a fantastic experience.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu and it was out of this world.  The service, incredible.  Victor (or was it Viktor?) delivered some of the best service I've ever had.    Here's my favorite aspect about the service at Chef Ramsay's establishments that I love (and this goes for all of the help, including the sommeliers as well):  They adapt very quickly to what YOUR mood is.  If you're feeling chatty and casual they open up and chat a bit more when visiting the table.  Feeling private or reclusive, they deliver and pick up silently and only engage when they need to ask a question.  Whatever the mood, they always deliver the same impeccable service.  You never go hungry or thirsty, you make eye contact with anyone (literally anyone) working in the restaurant and they will help you immediately.
80	0	My fiance and I stopped by here and ordered from the to-go line. We ordered a pretzel which was awful. It was hard and dry. I had expected it to be warm, soft and fresh. We also ordered a frozen hot chocolate. It was expensive, not worth it, and I would rather have just gone to Starbucks and ordered a frozen drink.
1513	1	In a city where food spots must compete with the best of the best, a Thai place with thousands of reviews and 4-5 stars says a lot.  The restaurant is pretty large, with pictures of celebrities who've eaten there, covering the walls from top to bottom.    The restaurant has speedy service, prices a little on the high end for some dishes, but money well spent.  Lotus of Siam offered some of the best, quality Thai food I've ever had, an experience that will get me to come back in the future.  We ordered the  - garlic shrimp (skin like potato chips, fried perfectly it buttery batter; $27, but a most order): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=EmtQ-VHVShfszx-JszgebQ&userid=p5RcabsU9DXQEDef9RiRlQ - crying tiger, charbroiled beef with hot sauce and sticky rice (nicely marinated, tender charbroiled beef that goes well with sticky rice; careful with that hot sauce if you're driving home the next day - $17 dish): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=PdqT3DYEP3Au93n5zzShsg&userid=p5RcabsU9DXQEDef9RiRlQ - Tom Yum soup (spicy!): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xej3SJkCQu8Sh5K65E6eXg&userid=p5RcabsU9DXQEDef9RiRlQ - Coconut ice cream; a must!: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=OjIQUqcaDDYGh8b8ZnF0Mw&userid=p5RcabsU9DXQEDef9RiRlQ  The entire meal was about $70 for 2 people.  While we could have eaten for less at one of Vegas many buffets and restaurants, I'm happy we got to experience this spot and I'm sure we'll be back for more in the future.
1451	1	This place should be called, "Don't judge a book by its cover."  Lol Looks like a total dive from the outside but once you enter......Its like an amazing high end restaurant inside.  Complete with a huge modern glass wine cellar.  I was totally blown away!!!   We got there right when it opened and were greeted by extremely friendly staff members who were radio'd up and ready to serve us a delicious dinner.  You don't wait for refills on drinks and they talk with you as if you have known them forever.  Again, blown away!  The food is tasty, well priced and they have a better wine cellar then most LV restaurants!  This place will bring a smile to your face when you enter so give them a try :).
801	1	AWESOME find.  One of those,  how did we get there? Im so glad we found this place, kind of experiences for my group of 4.  Service was great- our waiter was funny, attentive and CRAZY fast.  We shared a few plates including the shishito peppers, octopus balls (not the best but not bad), onion rings ( AMAZING, we should have ordered 4 orders instead of 1) and we each got a noodle bowl or a burger for our mains.  Broth was delish of my noodles and the noodles were good, but the chewier ramen from the dish with the XO sauce had better texture.  Pork belly pieces were like bits of porky heaven- honestly it was very memorable and delicious.  Cannot stress enough how good the onion rings were.  As a bit of a onion ring connoisseur I have to say they rank at the top of my lifetime list, and they were incredible inexpensive.  MUST GO BACK!  You need to go and try this place out, now :)
1269	0	Yesterday stopped by for quick light dinner.  Ordered turkey sandwich with  avocado, tomato, and greens.  Also ordered kale salad that include goat cheese and grains mixed in.  Sandwich was dry hard and salty so it was hard to consume.  The salad was hard and flavorless.  Sad...paid $49 for these food and didn't really the food.
206	0	I went here with 9 other people for Memorial Day weekend.  I've been to the NY one which I absolutely loved and was really excited to know that there's a Serendipity much closer to me now.  First thing I noticed was that they have a window by the side of the building from which you can order to go.  I found it really interesting and convenient that they did that.  Although there were long lines, they seemed to be moving rather quickly.  I have to say though, I was really disappointed by my experience with the Vegas Serendipity.  Their service sucks.  When I went to get a table, they told me the wait would be about an hour.  That's understandable and fine.  After 50 minutes of waiting, my friend suggested that we check to see how far along we were.  We go up to the bitchy hostess and she informed us that they had called us.  But our beeper never rang!  And we were waiting right outside their door the whole time.  Another server then explained to us that some of their beepers were broken and said that they'd clear a table for us immediately.  Which was nice except the extra little comment she had to add which was "You guys are lucky we'll clear a table for you now".  My friend and I just looked at each other astonished.  WTF?!  The beeper issue is not our problem, it's the restaurant's.  They shouldn't be so cheap and use beepers that are broken.  Still, we didn't let that damper our mood.  We went on our merry ways and ordered a load of food.  (Their menu, compared to the NY branch, is not as long and may differ a bit)  I shared an omelette with a friend and ordered the Forbidden Broadway Sundae for myself.    The omelette was plain but decent.  Nothing worth talking about.  The sweet potatoe fries that came with it were really good but not so much after you take it home as leftovers.  When our waiter was taking down our orders, he had made it a point to ask me whether I had wanted my dessert after or with my entree to which I replied after since I didn't want to the ice cream to melt.  For some reason, my dessert was brought out with my entree.  When I told the guy that brought it out, he proceeded to give me attitude and told me "Well it's already here.  If I were to bring it back, it'll take another 20 minutes.  But I mean... I could bring it back if you really want."  I told him it was ok and he just rushed off.  No apology, no empathy, nothing.  Whatever.  I had a great dessert piled with whip cream that I had asked to be left out.  Oh well.  What could I have done at that point?  Overall, it wasn't worth it.  The food for the most part is mediocre (my friend told me the One-Eyed Jack was bad and that the bread was so hard it was inedible) and the prices are high.  If you want to go just to say you went, then go.  Otherwise, avoid it.  There are a bunch of great buffets (Wynn!) you can hit up in Vegas.
1440	1	My first time here n i really wanted to come n try the food...i'm glad i did! Everything i ordered was delicious! It was my first time trying caviar..i liked it..with all the different toppings n bread that u put it all on..yummy...but my favorite dish was the beef wellington! Omg! so tender n cooked to a perfect medium rare...absolutely delicious! And dessert...again omg! Sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream sooo yummy! From the hostess to the server they were friendly n excellent service...i definitely will b back!!
212	0	Landed at Hooters by way of www.hotwire.com, selecting a 3 star hotel in the South Las Vegas strip area.  I don't know the exact definition of 3 stars, but what we got was essentially a rundown Motel 6 with very poor service.  The hallways smelled bad, and the carpet throughout was dingy and stained.  Decor is cheap and the building looks very old.  At the restaurant, we got fooled by a breakfast buffet on the menu that magically becomes a "champagne brunch" on weekends for $3 more.  Management was minimally concerned when we took issue with the surprise on our bill.  Most of the offerings were stale and hard to bite into.  The bar by the pool carded my wife for a diet coke, which she was forced to return to the pool chair for.  I understand the concept of getting what you pay for, but I wouldn't have paid even $50 a night for this experience.  I will never return - it made the trip a disappointment.
809	1	My wife and I got married in Vegas last week, and I wanted to celebrate by going out to Bouchon. I've always wanted to dine at one of Chef Keller's restaurants, and if ever there was a perfect opportunity, this was it.   I made reservations a few weeks prior, and told them about the wedding. When we arrived, they immediately congratulated us on our marriage, which made us feel very special. Even our server congratulated us. Very classy.   We enjoyed foie gras, which was amazing. Dinner was great, and our server made a great recommendation on wine pairing.   Service was par excellance. Efficient, attentive but never over-bearing.   They even comped our dessert, which was an incredible pastry.   For the money they charge, my expectations were quite high. The staff not only met, but exceeded my expectations by miles.   I hope we have the opportunity to return. Chef Keller and his staff are truly the best at what they do.
1739	0	I was really looking forward to this place, but seriously this place is so over-rated.  The wait for 2 was going to be 20-30 minutes.  My husband and I decided not to wait, but to go to the take out window instead.  The menu on at the take out window is condensed, but it still has the frozen hot chocolate.  We ordered the smallest size of the frozen hot chocolate for $8.50 - that's eight dollars and fifty cents!!! Serious? But I thought eh I'm in Vegas and maybe it is that good. NOT! It was way too sweet.  I couldn't even finish half of the drink.  I am so glad we did not wait for the sit-down. Would've been a waste of time. Oh well. Maybe the one in NYC is better.
7	0	Allergy to onions. Food came out with onions. Waited 15 minutes for drinks. No apology from the server. And she charged us for a side of mushrooms...which we never ordered nor did we receive. Manager said she could "look into it," but we had a flight to catch. I suggest waiting in line for ANY other restaurant before getting sat here right away...chances are you'll wait the same amount anyway.
1313	0	This is probably my fourth Churrascheria that I have visited in the US, and I must say it is the worst I have been at. I got a groupon so the bill was not as hurtful but it was still astronomically expensive for the poor quality in presentation, taste and preparation of the food. First, the salad bar choices were so poor. Not enough variety and the quality and presentation was lacking (wilted lettuce, fruit platters not pleasing to the eye, etc). Second, the main room arrangement is really uncomfortable, we were very close to the tables next to us and the servers seemed contracted and tight, made the experience tight and rushed. Third, the meats were OK. The picanha was the only worthy meat cut other than that everything tasted like beef shoulder. The seafood was nasty and I was not able to hold my salmon down. Never got the chance to try the mussels or shrimp after I got sick but my mother tasted them and she said it was not pleasing at all and that she did not understand the surf and turf concept with is NOT brazilian. The only positive about this place is location, inside a beautiful created Italian Backalley in Planet Hollywood. However, I would not recommend this place and certainly would not return. Sorry!
122	0	This hotel like all the others need to STOP CATERING TO SMOKERS PLEASE. If you truly enjoy breathing second-hand smoke while gambling, walking through the casino/hotel, eating, etc. then this is the place for you. It was really hard for me to like this place. The rooms are average. They charge to even drink the water which is really sad. This was my last stay here.
672	1	Best Thai place I've ever been, and I've been to quite a few. Gets crowded on weekends and evenings, but they do take reservations. Not cheap and not huge portions, but taste and quality are outstanding. Great wine menu as well. Papaya Salad, Garlic Prawns (shells fried crispy like chips) and Short Rib Penang are our favorites.
644	0	I was totally intrigued the first time I heard of frozen hot chocolate. How can it be frozen and hot?! Well.. after trying it out first hand, I conclude that it was a total waste of my $12 (for just a to go cup size)! It was simply a thick powdery super sweet cold chocolate drink! I rather have a glass of chocolate milk ):  I later found out that this other place called sugar factory also has frozen hot chocolate on their menu- for just $6-7. If any of my friends insist on trying it in the future, I would take them to this place instead. I wonder what big of a diff it will be.
1726	1	Granted, I've only eaten here for breakfast, but what a fantastic breakfast it is.  The croque monsieur is easily one of the best things I've ever eaten, and the fries here are some of the best.  The specialty omelettes here are also out of this world - it doesn't seem like there is really that much that can be done with eggs, but Bouchon manages to find a way.   I love the atmosphere here early in the morning - its fairly empty, the staff is formal but still relax and not stuffy or annoying, and it all equates to a very nice, very relaxed breakfast experience.    A breakfast here also won't break the bank...it's not exactly cheap, but I'd much rather spend my money here than at a place like Grand Lux or Hash House.    I can't wait to try this place for dinner.
23	1	The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino has a secret and it's hidden on the third floor!  Take the escalator up to the 3rd floor.  As you exit the escalator, there is a hallway directly in front of you to the left of Jaleo (tapas restaurant).  Follow this hallway until it ends and there you will find some of the best pizza on the Las Vegas strip.  Seriously, I saw people waiting in line for crap pizza outside, when they could have easily come here for pizza that is 100 times better.  Sold by the slice or whole, this small spot offers a variety of pies to choose from.  Although it's primarily a counter, there is a small amount of space to eat at.  If not, just go eat in the lounge area directly outside the hidden hallway.  I ordered two pepperoni slices for $5.25 each.  They had just come out of the oven so they were hot.  The cheese was really good and gooey as was the pepperoni itself.  This is definitely worth a visit if you're in the mood for a few slices of pizza.
1073	1	I stopped at Holsteins for lunch today........I grabbed a seat at the bar and decided to order the Nom Nom Burger.  Its a Burger with a Kobe Beef Patty, Potato Chips, Fried Egg, Cheese and Thousand Island Dressing.  When the Burger arrived, it looked awesome.....the Kobe Beef Patty was huge and the Bun was just the right size.....about 1/2 inch smaller than the patty.  One bite and I was in Heaven....so juicy and full of beef flavor.  The Shoestring Fries was good.....and the two bartenders was freaking HOT!!  In fact.....all around me were HOT GIRLS!  A great Burger and HOT GIRLS!  I love this place!
348	1	I wished this place existed when I attended UNLV. This place carries a lot of value with the amount of different (yet satisfying) portions/packages that even a poor college student can afford.  My friend and I got the most basic Las Vegas package since we're hungry but obviously not capable of eating a feast by ourselves. It was $45/person and the amount of food cannot be more. You get the tradition side dishes + a house salad, along with rice, sauces and miso soup to go along with your proteins that includes beef, spicy chicken, garlic shrimp and pork.  You are however required to cook things yourself comparing to places like Honey Pig when a server would occasionally stop by and manage your food. The place wasn't busy at the time we were dining so the servers volunteered to rotate our proteins for us as we were engaged in a deep conversation catching up on life- What a nice touch.   The ambiance of this place is on the smaller size but comfortable at the least. The service was friendly and attentive and most importantly, the food was amazing for the price that you're paying. I wasn't sure if it was Happy Hour when we dined but when we received our tab, it only came out to be $55. A lot less from what I was expected to pay (hey I'm not complaining) but regardless of it being a mistake or not, I'll happily return.
233	0	We originally wanted to go eat at P.F. Chang's but it was an hour wait so we decided on this place instead.  Maybe we should have taken it as a sign that there was a reason this place had no wait.  The food is pretty expensive for the meagre size portions you get.  We ordered pad thai, potstickers, lettuce chicken wraps (I was craving this when I thought we were gonna go eat at P.F. Chang's), sweet and sour pork, and wonton soup.  They ended up bringing by a wrong order so they just let us keep it.  Service was ok but a little slow.  They never refilled our waters.  I guess if you want something quick and you're staying at Planet Hollywood then it's convenient.  Otherwise I wouldn't bother stopping here.
1220	1	I've been watching Gordon Ramsey since I could remember and I felt so honored to be able to eat at his restaurant. I'm a burger eater, I eat a burger everywhere I go and his burger is the best of the bet burgers I've ever tasted! To eat at the restaurant of the man who hosts master chef/junior, Hell's Kitchen, and more, is almost surreal. I definitely hope e I can eat there again
20	1	Bouchon is a strikingly casual yet elegant bistro located in the upper reaches of the Venetian hotel.  How casual?  One of our servers did an extended shimmy to a Prince song, there was constant "inappropriate" banter between ourselves and the wonderful individuals who serviced our tables, and there may have been an impromptu coloring session wherein caricatures of patrons at other tables may have been found serenading around the staff's own contribution - the sexy and i know it duck.  So while the high ceilings and beautiful courtyard might suggest one experience, you certainly aren't limited in that manner.    The unanimous decision of our table is that this is the best service we have ever had.  I should explain that.  The balance between entertaining and professional one finds here is something I had previously not experienced.  One might think that perhaps the staff's antics was a convenient mask shrouding potential issues concerning their knowledge of the menu.  That is simply not the case.  We received incredible guidance concerning wine choices and our server hand-picked an off-menu dessert for us (an incredible vanilla bean creme brulee that one international traveler in our group deemed the best she has ever had... it was in my top five as well).  When I can say that people who worked at the restaurant overshadowed a Thomas Keller production in a positive fashion, it becomes at least subjectively obvious that a new dining experience has been created.    That leads us to the food.  Bouchon is one of those few Vegas restaurants that allows friends with different means to comfortably dine with one another.  You don't have to go high-end (I did anyway); as you can see, most Yelp reviews focus on the cheapest dish, a luxuriously decadent take on the Croque Madame, a dish that is fully less than 1/2 the price of the steak.  I am sure it is incredible, yet I would encourage patrons to purchase the steak Bouchon, a blissful cut of New York strip steak doused in black truffle jus and accompanied with celery and potato boulangere.  It was easily the best steak I have had since I have moved to DC, and frankly, may have been the best strip steak I have ever eaten (and yes, this is coming from a Texas guy).  The portion was generous, absolutely perfectly cut, aromatic from the truffle, and intensely flavorful.  I would strongly suggest pairing the steak with the sauteed spinach (brilliant) and potato puree (very buttery).  While it wasn't paired with the steak, the other dish I really enjoyed was the braised cabbage.  I wasn't as enamored by the mac and cheese here, but that isn't to say that it wasn't a solid preparation.    Given that this restaurant delivered on two of arguably the best experiences of my life (best service and potentially best NY strip steak), it is pretty much a no brainer that I would suggest this restaurant to anyone.
163	0	Our dinner at the MGM Grand Buffet was horrible.  For $40 per person you think they would offer something that tastes good.  Everything we tried lacked flavor, even the crab.  I've never had crab legs that were absolutely flavorless.  The desserts were OK, but why pay $40 per person for dessert.
1753	1	Okay. So five-stars *may* be a little inflated, but they closed the last peppermill in the Bay Area about 6 or 7 years ago, and I miss it. My favorite thing is the fruit salad. Which is enough fruit and fiber for 4. It comes with homemade banana bread - um, yum - and marshmallow dipping sauce, AND sherbet. Hello?! Dessert! :) The colorful sugar is deemed magical.
1810	1	This restaurant is everything a restaurant should be.  Great food, great service, great value.  First, they made a simple omelette amazing wiht freshly roasted vegtables, home-made (real) hash brown potatoes and even a great bagel.  We each had a spicy bloody mary which was really amazing.  Lastly, we had the beignets as breakfast dessert.  The service was really great.  A very relaxed and enjoyable experience.  The rest of the menu looked great and can't wait to come back again soon.  Run don't wakl to Grand Lux Cafe.
1240	0	Ate at Cravings on my last trip to Vegas.   I have been to Cravings before, but this time was a bitter disappointment.  You go through the normal buffet queue to arrive at your table and I found that everything had changed since my last visit.  They had waiters/waitresses serving tables, but they have basically been reduced to bus persons.  You have to fetch your own coffee, orange juice or alcoholic beverages.  The food was generally acceptable, but no where near where you'd go out of your way to eat there.  Mirage used to have an outstanding buffet, but I would only eat there now if I was staying at the Mirage and frankly you'd be better off going to Bellagio.
1400	0	I gave Aria hotel a 5 star review for being fabulous, so it makes me sad to give its buffet 2 stars. The food was just awful and tasted like it came straight from an elementary school's cafeteria. There was nothing I enjoyed except for the decor and cool multi-color lights, and believe me I tried about 90% of the food. The crab legs were so salty I did not even need butter, and the consistency was almost like that of imitation crab meat.   To add salt to the wound, there wasn't even bottomless mimosas added to the $30 per person charge. Tisk tisk. Don't buffet managers know that in order for customers to eat crappy food, they need to be a little intoxicated?
843	1	Ill keep it short and simple!   Food = AMAZING.  -I am not the easiest to please, but paying upwards of $20 a burger is not on my usual budget for dinner. So, for the price, I was very pleased!  Service = GOOD  Could be a little better. Though they were renovating at the time of our visit so I wont ding them  Atmosphere = OK/GOOD  A little bland for the price. But Id rather pay for the food and not the art on the walls!   I will deff recommend this place and keep going back. Great good!!!!
1994	0	Why oh why didn't I check the yelp reviews first?  Oh that's right, because I didn't dare risk using anything wireless during hacker conferences.  I hope you don't either.  But I digress.  Definitely watch the flashy handmade noodle show, both stretched and sliced off of a big brick of dough.  They looked appealing but tasted super bland, no matter what sauce or soup they put it in (we tried the beijing pork and black bean sauce specialty and the wonton noodle soup.)  I also got the taro boba (tapioca drink) and it had huge chunks of ice and was more vanilla tasting than taro.  I'm not hating on this place because it's "Americanized," I couldn't care less if it's not what people in Beijing eat.  All I care about is it TASTING GOOD.  Bleh.
924	0	Would classify as hangover food and nothing special. Expensive and not delicious. Located in the opening of a big, smoky casino. Nice stop on the strip if you want to waste money on not so delicious food and just looking to eat anything. The sliders are so tiny and nothing was that great in taste about them. Can't understand why people would select this place for a meal. Would never choose to eat here again, which is why I'm choosing to rate the place with 1 star.
932	1	This place is awesome!!   Location: Ghetto ass shopping center that if you go at night, looks pretty docile and empty everywhere else in that area.  Food: I had the Nam Kao Tod appetizer which was great. Good amount of food for an appetizer dish and it tasted amazing. I would order this again. For the entree I had this Pad See Ew noodle dish over grilled duck. Since I was with a bachelor party, I got to sample many noodle dishes with mine probably being the most popular. If you love duck & you love Pad See Ew, this is a MUST try! There are other duck dishes w noodles, but the Pad See Ew option was my favorite.   Service: We had a group of 12 or so and it worked out great. Service was fantastic and tended to us well. Everything came out in a timely manner too. I'd def recommend doing reservations here because it's that serious. If not, you'll be waiting a long time to eat.  Overall: One of the best Thai places I've eaten at. Def would go back to try what I haven't yet, and to get another noodle dish. Prices are fair and the menu is HUGE! That was the only tough part for me since I'm so indecisive. However, being in a large group and sharing everything, it made it easier that night. Cab here from the strip isn't that pricey at all!
1156	1	Yummmm! Food portion is great! I usually eat all of my food, but needed a to go box. I got the chicken mushroom and spinach skillet and it was delish! Hubby got the sunrise and he loved it so much, he wouldnt give me a bit. And he had leftovers. Oscar waa great and attentive. Will definitely come back when we're in town again.
762	0	So far crap! Can't check-in until 4 unless we want a full bed. Then tried to check-in at 4 and told all they had was a handicapped accessible room with a double bed. Said needed to wait another 40 minutes. Smells like smoke in the empty lobby where they are supposedly full! Do not book via Priceline!
424	1	This was my first time to this establishment .. I have to say that I really enjoyed myself.  The food was great, the portions are huge though.  The have a full bar, so you can have a mimosa for brunch or even an afternoon cocktail.  I will def. be back !
1099	0	MGM is ok I guess and navigating throughout the casino could have been thought out a lot better. In my opinion placing the floor map of the casino could have been in a better location such as when you first come in after parking your car, you have to find the map buried within the casino. Also they have a horrible potpourri smell in the lobby area and beyond. I'd advise if you have breathing issues or not really a custom to a very heavy fragrant to plant type materials I would try and avoid this area as much as you can, especially kids with breathing health issues.
1083	1	Everything was EGGtastic. The long wait was worth it. All of the staff are super friendly and Alexa was awesome. She was very nice and attentive. I ordered the Chicken, Mushroom and Spinach and enjoyed it very much. My boyfriend for the must-haves stuffed French toast and he thought it was great. Make sure to check-in on Yelp to get the complimentary banana nut muffin.
45	1	Korean fusion at its finest! It is really no wonder to me that this place has been reported to serve the best burger in LV. The burgers here all are so amazing with diverse flavors yet still maintain the classic burger necessities of a quality tasting patty sandwiched between a great bun. I am in love with the buns here thats for sure. They are fluffy, moist, crispy, and buttery heaven. I think part of the reason why i really love this place is because I love Korean food and all that it offers with spicy and diversity in the food. And I love burgers so its the best of both worlds.   I think my favorite burger on the menu has to be the Miyagi Son. It provides a really simple flavor that really packs a punch! The Ronin is a classic as well. They also let you mix it up and customize your burgers so if you're feeling like kimchi on your burger, go for it.   The oxtail chili cheese fries are a must in my opinion. Obviously, anything with a fried egg and garlic aioli on it is going to be delicious but really the flavors on these fries are unreal! They also have a great selection of boba teas if you feel like getting your boba on!
1295	1	This is an exceptional Thai restaurant.  The food was fantastic, and there is a HUGE menu to choose from.  You have the perennial favorites like Pad Thai on up to the more rare things like crispy fried pork bellies.  We were impressed and wish it was closer to us.  Service was quick.  Even during lunch rush we had our food surprisingly fast.
1110	1	I've been to GR restaurants in US & UK and there's a reason he's one of the best and produces that way. The menu is awesome. I finally got the beef Wellington and it was divine. The sticky toffee pudding - one of the best desserts in your life. There's a reason its award winning. The service was fantastic. Also had the bone marrow and we asked for bread and it came with real English muffins that were very rich but yummy. The lobster tail was ok. Definitely a fantastic meal. Just don't gamble in that casino. Dealers are beyond rude.
619	0	This club was boo-boooooooooo! First of all, they had us climbing 20 flights of stairs only to have us come back down to the third level [a level above the restaurant]!! It was SO packed that I was unintentionally [or maybe] groped the entire frickin' night! And the people that work for the club, the ones in suits, are douche lords. [The ones in red shirts were awesome though! lol] Never going  back to this OVER-RATED ass club!!
70	0	The customer service was very nasty!! I will never go here again and will pass the word on to friends and family!! I never would have expected to watch some as whole throw my food into the bag because the cashier as whole didn't confirm that it was and order to GO!  Got into a verbal confutation with the lady who threw my food in the bag!!.. Since I didn't have bail$$ I let her keep her teeth...  A little encouragement to the as whole lady please find yourself another job if you're unhappy with the Hot Dogs business!! The Original Pinks is in Los Angeles Ca. a much better place to go and eat a hot dog and know the customer service there has better class.
359	1	I seriously dream about this pizza.   On my last few trips to Vegas, Secret Pizza has been one of my first stops every time. One slice is never enough (even though they are HUGE.)  As a pizza connoisseur, I vote that this is the best of the best. You will not be disappointed I promise. And if you are, then we can't be friends.
703	0	The line to pay and then to be seated on a Saturday (07/12/14) night around was not bad at all. As far as the food goes I had some really impressive salads (a fruit one comes to mind). I liked the entree options but nothing was that memorable. Pretty standard Vegas buffet food.  The one problem that I was that my boyfriend added on the all you can drink (wine, beer, etc) option. We each ordered a beer (he was brought the wrong one, but just decided to drink it), his second he finally got the one he wanted, but this is where it went bad. He went to get another plate of food so I ordered his 3rd beer for him. It took 30+ minutes to get it which included being brushed off at the cashier station and then having to get the manager involved. The manager said he would talk to the waitress, but no real action was taken. I never went back up to try any of the deserts because I was at the table hoping we would get our drinks while he was having to actually leave the table to get served. I even contacted them when we got home and was told that they would give me a priority reservation the next time I went to the buffet.   My advice is if you eat there do not add the all you can drink option. I don't know if they only want to allow you to have 2, then they should call it $11.99 for 2 drinks. I am sure people would still order that.   There are a lot of options in Vegas so I will not be returning to this buffet. I may never stay at this hotel because of the level of non-customer service that we received which is a shame because it was an option for our upcoming trip.
484	0	One of the worst ever had. I'm a local and brought my adult children to see Chris Angel. Have tried several in the same price range and was very disappointed with Luxor's buffet. I think management should eat there and I'm sure it would change. What a let down for a strip buffet. Will spend the extra $$ and go to Bellagio next time.
1773	1	This is a must go to place! The food is great! But be sure to either make reservations or come early, there is always a wait! Compared to other Thai restaurant in Las Vegas, dishes here are very different and varieties of different parts of Thailand.  Must try- Garlic prawns
260	1	This is it!  Michael Jackson isn't the only one.  This place is so great...every aspect of it.  What carne asada fries are to drunks in San Diego and what Paisano's Pizza is to drunks in Hermosa Beach, Grand Lux is to drunks in Vegas.    The beauty of this place though is that it is for classy drunks and not even for only drunks.  The food: perfection.  They have THE BEST Chicken Parm I've ever had. They use a number of different types of cheeses that add to the tastyness of it.  They also lighly bread the chicken making it more tasty.  Unlike other places where all you taste is fried batter.  You get the flakeyness and deliciousness of the breading here with the juicyness of the chicken.  Now let's move on to the next entree...shall we?  If you order Buffalo ______ at Grand Lux, it's a safe bet to be amazing.  Anything Buffalo is good here. Their buffalo chicken roll appetizers are some of the best appetizers I've ever had and their spicy buffalo chix sandwich just adds to the buffalo goodness.  Sometimes I order both and I may get a look from the waiter recognizing my buffalo filled meal, but all that subsides after the first bite.  Now to breakfast...  I tried their breakfast buffet here for the first time 2 weeks ago, and it was $15.95 and it included juice.  Very good breakfast selection of eggs, bacon, omelette station, fruit, waffles, etc.  The only thing missing was pancakes.  What i did though was made a nice dessert out of the waffles by taking some hot waffles and adding some of the chocolate chips they have laying around and put a nice dose of whip cream on top.  And if I'm feeling good, add some fruit.  They also have hash browns, which were some of the BEST hash browns I've ever had.  They weren't dry at all.  It was just great.  The greatest part is that they have 6 cheesecake factory cheesecakes (b/c it is the same company) and a whole bunch of other awesome desserts that I am sadly usually too full to eat.  I can't recommend this place more!
1906	0	Terrible nothing tasted right. Maybe I'm spoiled because I always eat at the buffet at the Wynn but this was disgusting. What a waste. Cold eggs stale waffles fatty bacon and ham. The only saving grace was  the omelette and even that was mediocre at best.
1635	0	This place is poorly run.  The people at register have two lines, one for platinum and one for regular customers. Both were empty so we thought it'd be fine to just ealk in through the platinum entrance because we didn't want to walk around the corner and have to follow some velvet rails, but apparently it isn't ok and we were told to go out and line up again anyways, a waste of everyone's time. Then they have a line for a waitress. What kind of buffet has seating waitresses? I've never had to be shown to a designated seat at any type of AYCA and this place isn't even busy. There's seating EVERYWHERE. Lastly for ll that, utensils are managed by the waiters. I couldn't get a new fork for this second dish that had vastly different food. I dont want my meat forks in my salads because it's greasy.  Foodwise, it's definitely not as good as it looks. Rhe selection is also really small for the price we payed, but it's Vegas so I expected as much. At least it looks nice here.
636	1	There are no words for how unbelievable this place was. The service was AMAZING and and in addition to that, the food was all that I was hoping for and then some!!!  The burger was perfectly cooked to order-I ordered medium and actually got my burger, or should I say BurGR, medium! I got the farm burger and the server described the duck bacon exactly how it tasted and the egg was perfectly over easy.   The fries, which all five of us ordered our own order of fries, were super delicious!  When we ordered drinks, the server let me taste the various beers and wines that I was interested before finally settling on my final drink.   The wait was absolutely worth it and EVERYONE who goes to Vegas and likes burgers should stop by!  Thanks Gordon Ramsy for his materpiece!
9	0	Ordered Baja fish tacos and the shrimp and pork gyoza. The fish tacos were fine, nothing special one way or the other. The filling inside the gyoza was completely undercooked. As in it looked like the filling was tuna ceviche not cooked pork. Disgusting. They brought a new batch which was properly cooked but didn't even offer to take the charge off the bill. Never coming back. Mediocre at best. I'm just thankful I cut into that dumpling before popping the whole thing in my mouth or I would probably be very sick right now...
216	1	Unlike most of the places I review on this blog, Burger Bar is a place I can write a review on based strictly on memory. Still, given the opportunity a few days ago to stop in there for lunch I didn't hesitate. Besides, I didn't have any quality pictures to post until that point.  Because I've been here so many times I was almost nervous that I would give this restaurant preferential treatment, but since I've been taking a way more analytical approach to my burgers lately I found that Burger Bar wasn't quite the perfection I remembered it.  But it was still close.  Located in the elusive Mandalay Place shopping area connecting Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, Burger Bar is placed amongst overly expensive clothing stores, men's shaving boutiques and some other more touristy shops of late. The restaurant has been there for quite a few years now and is maybe looking slightly dated, but it's still a good atmosphere. It's very open pretty much anywhere you sit, even in the booths, so don't go there if you're looking for a decent amount of privacy. Also if you're going on the weekend, or even potentially during a weekday lunch, expect a wait or try the bar.  Other than a small selection of slightly overpriced burgers, the menu is pretty much do-it-yourself. You have your choice of meats; Angus, country natural, Kobe and buffalo, along with chicken, salmon turkey and veggie if you're into that sort of thing. While the Kobe is totally delicious, I find it to be a bit expensive and have been completely happy ordering the Angus. But more on that shortly. Once you've chosen your meats, you have a very long list of choices for veggies, cheeses, meats, sauces and plenty of other fancy things. I've had quite a few different burgers over the years, and all of the toppings have been great.  For this particular meal I went with the Angus, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms on a sesame bun. Fairly simple, but that's fine because the meat always stands out as a great flavor on its own. One of the biggest things I can say about this restaurant is that however you order your burger it will always come out that way. Consistency is key, and they never disappoint. I ordered medium-rare, and it's as pink as it could be. And like I said, the meat really has great flavor, so whether you have a ton of toppings or almost none, you're guaranteed a great burger. After eating a lot of others around town lately, I could say that this burger might be lacking a bit of seasoning now, almost as if the burger is outdated like the restaurant. Still it is fantastic and won't disappoint.  The various buns I have had are always good, no matter which one you get there seems to be a proper meat to bun ratio. The mushrooms were flavorful, and just the right amount. My cheese was melted as always, the lettuce and tomato on the plate were also very fresh. I haven't always been a fan of pickles in the past, but they're growing on me with all these burger meals so now it's a welcome sight on my plate.  The fries are the one slight weak spot in this meal; my skinny fries were just ok, a bit too generic for such a fancy menu. The sweet potato fries have been really good in the past, especially with some ranch, although it's been a while since I've had them. I'm not always a fan of fat fries, but they're a little better here so you might want to try them when visiting.  My burger, fries and drink came to almost $19; I would consider that a bit on the high side if it wasn't in a very touristy spot on the strip. I'm not always too happy about spending that much on a burger meal anywhere, but compared to Bradley Ogden or even BLT this is a huge value for the same price. This place is still one of my favorite choices in town based on the burger alone, so do yourself a favor and check it out.
1007	0	I've been coming to this buffet before it was even called Flavors... Basically it's like an international buffet but the variety within each country is limited. The quality reminded me of hometown buffet, but it gets the job done of getting you full.  Came here during breakfast not really hungry. Stuffing yourself in sin city, what they hey? seems appropriate. There was nothing that I didn't try at this place. If you dined with me before at a buffet, you'd know I eat a lot (like there's no tomorrow). They had an omelet bar which seemed like a hit due to the line, but I'm against the whole waiting in line in a buffet while food is all around you.  I can point out many flaws of this place. Service sucked coming from a deaf server who worked as slow as a Windows 98 computer, prime rib was as chewy as the Trident gum I had in my pocket, scrambled eggs had a cake texture that you had to cut through, breakfast sausages had a casing stronger than my iPhone's, crab legs were puny, sushi tasted and looked like two colored lego pieces.   Couple of goods were the bacon, crisp, unburnt with a great porky taste. Broccoli were steamed to the right texture. The sashimi got me going back for more. I had a good 2 or 3 platefuls of these suckers. The best thing you can creatively make at this place is tuna w/ 'broccoli rice' wrapped in bacon "sushi". I also got bored with flavors from eating everything separately so I made prime rib tacos, mock sausage bacon and egg biscuits from McDonalds, vanilla tart using vanilla syrup and a heart waffle, and a sashimi sandwich with a dinner roll.   For about 25 bucks a head, you'll get full off of "ehh" quality food, but it gives you a reason to be playful as well because you won't feel so bad from eating plates of bland food.   P.S. - save room for dessert and don't eat here! They skimp on the sugar, oil, butter or something that has to deal with sweets' flavor. There's a Ghirardelli shop a couple steps from the buffet that'll oversatisfy your taste buds for sure.
1879	0	I don't get how this place gets good reviews. It's like one of the cheapest (quality and taste wise) buffet that i had in vegas. Total was $60 sth for 2 for that quality of food? It's not comparable to any other hotel buffets for that same price.   The quality of the food is just bleh. Everything from decor to presentation to taste is just very whatever. My usual favorite part of the buffet - dessert section just completely turned me down. C'mon..soft served ice cream??? (not even comparable to souplantations soft served). It's more like hometown buffet quality but hometown is 3 times less the price.   Ahh. Despite the desserts, other food was just not to my taste. It's true that there are a little bit of everything, from american to italian, asian, middleeastern, mexican, etc, but nothing was really that good. Probably the best thing that i had was a piece of prime rib that i got when we first sat down. When i went to get another piece later on, they already got a new chunk of meat, and that second piece was complete RAW, dripping blood.   I've been eager to try this place because i think this is one of the few buffets that i haven't tried in vegas and with pretty good reviews. Not a good decision. I will probably never go back again unless it's free.
71	1	Oh Bouchon Las Vegas. I'd love to able to say that I've had to pleasure of enjoying the food from the Yountville establishment, but my travels have brought me to Vegas before that.  Greg and I selected Bouchon after looking at the menu (extensively) and the wine list (more extensively) and thought that this would be one of the shining moments in our trip, assuming we didn't win millions of dollars in the casino.  As it turns out, I'd say this was a pretty awesome experience and not anything that felt like were in Vegas at a hotel on the Strip.  After being seated we were given bread on the table, and told that the bread was meant to be eaten with the room temperature butter (hard table butter = loss of a star) and some Dijon mustard.  Absolutely delicious, and continued to eat through two servings of the bread.  Our waiter, who I am TERRIBLY sorry to have forgotten his name, was warm, pleasant, not cheesy and very informative.  He helped Greg select a bottle of wine for us and also helped select a sampling of the fromage from the menu.  Ultimately, we selected the Bleu d'Auvergne, Pont l'Evque, and the Fiscalini Bandaged Cheddar.  The cheeses were accompanied with some fuji apple slices and honeycomb, along with cranberry walnut toasts.  We agreed that the top two cheeses from the selection were the Bleu and Cheddar cheeses.  The third cheese was a little too stinky for our liking, even with the honey and apples.  For our appetizer, we selected the Molle Rtie, or the bone marrow dish.    And here is where I completely break down.  This dish falls into the category of dishes I would have no shame in licking the plate.  The bone marrow, served with two bones and toasts to accompany, was soft, delicate, and melted onto the toasts.  The part that blew my mind = the reduction sauce that comes with it.  I mean, this sauce is COMPLETELY out of this world.  The consistency was just a touch lighter than French Onion soup but came with all the wonderful flavors including juices from the bones.  I mean, this dish in itself is worth coming here for.  We asked for more bread so that we could dip it into the sauce, secretly debating whether or not we should go as far as licking the plate.  I was sad when they took the empty plate away.  Our waiter was gracious enough to warn us that the Steak Frites came with a mountain of fries, and since we were both ordering it, that one of us have a side of steamed garlic spinach instead.  Completely insightful and helpful when I saw the Mt. Everest of fries piled onto the plate.  The steak came with an herb butter and was a generous sized portion.  Greg and I literally ate until it became unbelievably uncomfortable, which meant that we had only gotten through about 80% of the steak and 60% of the fries.  I was saddened by the fact that I had overindulged in the things leading up to this, but had no regrets in doing so. Ultimately, the poor little side of delicious garlic spinach sat half done and I really made an effort to finish my plate but had to wave the white flag before it was gone.  Naturally, we passed on dessert although I had a cappuccino to try and start the digestion process and enjoyed being in each other's company for the rest of the time.    This was a great experience, and we really enjoyed everything about Bouchon.  Previously we had been to Bradley Ogden in Caesar's and was sort of so-so on the whole dining experience.  I'm glad we selected Bouchon, it completely exceeded our expectations and created a new standard for fine dining in our opinion.
782	0	Here is all I can eat from the sky above to the sea beneath, but there is no character at all and the service is awful.  Having a great expectation, i came here on the first day of the MGM Grand staying to start off my trip to LV with fantastic meals even though i ve been frugal in an everyday life. Imagined that this buffet is great, i dressed up to fit on a high-end restaurant. Soon after getting in the restaurant, i regretted the way i wore. This restaurant is below than casual. My mom and i arrived around 6 o'clock  and there was no crazy line out there. However, the hostesses were very cold and my appetite had gone already and i didn't want to eat here. But my mom is too old to move to an another buffet place (because she was very excited to eat dinner at the buffet), i reluctantly fallowed her and had a seat.  The food is mediocre. There were many ethnic food like American, Asian, Greek, Spanish. However, every food was not delicious at all. Even as a Asian, i tasted the Chinese food and it was a disappointing. The feature is almost there but the taste was no character. This was not well made. Supposed by everyone, Chinese food made by Chinese chef, Mexican food made by Mexican chef. the desserts made by patisserie. All taste were the same mediocre.   Everything made out of cheap. For example, the crab legs, these were too thin and nothing left inside the shell and very salty.   Even though i have been so many buffets out there like Aria, Caesar Place... this experience was the worst.
312	0	I have stayed at this Westin twice.  Was happier the first time, six years ago.  It is only about 3 blocks off the strip, near Bally's.  I think it's an easy walk to the major hotels.  The room and housekeeping service was fine.  They charge over $10/day extra for their happy hour, the water bottles in the bathroom, and parking, whether you use those things or not.  When I extended my stay by a day, the front desk neglected to tell some other department, and a hotel employee woke me up trying to chase me out of my room, six hours after I'd paid the front desk for another night.  I don't think I'll be back.
1766	0	I cannot believe we walked from the PALAZZO all the way to PLANET HOLLYWOOD (about a half hour walk in the heat) just for PINK'S.  It's just another overrated spot!  It lacks the history that the one in LA provides AND it's more expensive!  Instead of a run down, hole in the wall place, this Pink's is like a blinged out version..I guess that's where our extra dollar goes to...  Bottom line is..two hot dogs and a drink came up to $26.  It wasn't even good, I took one bite and made my boyfriend finish the rest.  I'd much rather stop by Earl's inside Planet Hollywood for some amazing sandwiches for only $6!  I'll probably never get caught at this establishment again.
1956	0	Recently stayed in the West Tower. The rooms were renovated with a contemporary look & feel. You're greeted by a frosted glass sink and vanity area. The doors to the toilet and shower were both frosted glass from floor to ceiling. The bed area felt cramped and dark. The one plus was the dvd-equipped TV and the Bose clock radio, neither of which I used but good to have. Still can't complain since they "comp'ed" my three night stay! Of course that's not to say I didn't "contribute" to Las Vegas' sinking economy!
407	0	Let me start by saying that I did not have to pay for food at this buffet.  My hotel package included daily access, so this will give you some further perspective into my review.  Food: I found the food to be monotonous and bland.   The exception is the Prime Rib and the fresh crab legs.  Everything else was below average.  I did not pay for the food, and I was STILL disappointed.  With taxes included, dinner for two would run you about $55.  The food is definitely not worth the price.  Service: I found the service to be mediocre as well.  They line you by party size in one of 5 lines.  From far off, it is reminiscent of a cattle-line.  Apart from this, all the other patrons are hungry as hell and rude; due in part to the size of the lines and long wait times.  Cursing, cutting, and bumping seemed to be commonplace here.  I have received better service (and food) at Golden Corral.  In short, this place had no class at all.  You will certainly leave with the B-G's (Bubble Guts).
682	1	We went here in our September 2012 trip. We had a reservation ( you likely will not get in without one) and still had to wait about 20 minutes for our table.  Not a big deal. We both got strong drinks, very well prepared.  The bread assortment was very  nice.  I had the Beef Wellington.  OMG, I am still dreaming of this dish!  It was perfect to the last bite.  My husband had the short ribs and he said they were very good as well. We wanted to try a dessert but didn't have room.  But we will next time we go in May. Don't pass this place by, you will regret it.
383	1	Very nice settings and workers there. The food was awesome my wife had  a Beeny that was very delicious the eggs were poached perfectly. I had a skillet that was absolutely fantastic. The coffee was spot on not to strong or weak. Definitely going to go back it not prices high either, which i throughly thought was going to be more expensive. Very happy to spend my morning eating there. GREAT JOB!!!
1971	0	Only giving it two stars because we got a comp for it. Otherwise I might have given it one. We went for lunch and there were not very many offerings set out. We could hardly find anything we wanted to eat. What we did try was very non-remarkable. Had a couple of decent desserts but as far as the food, BLAH.
1939	0	Just went there for a coupon. Wasn't even worth the discount. Glasses were dirty with lipstick still on. No smile from hostess. Only good meat was the sirloin. Other meats were dry. Asked for more sirloin 3 times before it came around again. They charge for water and ice! They just brought the water to the table, no one drank it. You could tell they just refill the water bottles. A dollar a person. We spent most the time waiting for meat to come to the table and we went at lunch time. Supposed to get 12 kinds of meat. We prob got 6. Does grilled pineapple count? Ha
1140	1	We had a 5 star experience with 13 guests in a private area.  Service was excellent and timely.  We first received bread basket.  Then a great warm spinach & artichoke dip with pita chips.  My ginger beef was delish.  My neighbor's beef wellington was beautiful.  Another's chicken parm was excellent.  Their dessert carrot cake is excellent-well balanced.  Their prices are reasonable for such a class act.  They did take a long time between dinner and dessert-we were in there well over two hours but it was a perfect dining experience for our celebrating group.
1985	1	Highlights of milkshakes: #Cereal bowl: vodka, fruit loops, cap'N crunch! #Birthday cake: vodka, birthday cake crumbles, sprinkles #Coffee & donuts: coffee ice cream, cake donut, malt, kahlua, chocolate espresso beans  Each order come in 2 cups: the milkshake cup (fancy glass) and then the flowover milkshake cup (metal bowl), so by buying 1, actually you will get 2 separate cups, meaning: BUY ONE, GET 1 FREE.  Huge portion in each cup. Very delish,  just right sweetness for my taste.  Billionaire burger $32: kobe beef, foei gras, port onion marmalede, trifee, trufle mayo. The most expensive burger ever, but interesting to try.   Service: 4/5 Guests: mixed, but mostly white Cleanness: 5/5 Area: strategic, crowded, in hip place (in front of marquee club- cosmopolitan hotel)
1447	1	Really great place for breakfast. They have really cute newspaper Menus and give you free banana nut muffins for your first visit! These were the best muffins I've ever had, I'm usually not a fan of banana nut but these blew me away. I also really liked their potatoes, they were crispy and seasoned really well. The bacon and avocado omelette was also to die for! It was our first time there and the waiter was really nice and helpful.
1558	1	This is a great pizza joint. The best pizza ever? No, my heart belongs to Metro pizza and nobody can beat Metro. But this is absolutley the best pizza on the strip. It's just kinda perfect. Cosmo is my favorite strip casino and this place is the perfect place to start the night or end the night. Be careful if you choose to end your night there...there tends to be alot of drunken club-goers...which is great for people watching...most of the girls are a mess...they're either drunk, or acting drunk, shoes are off, hair is a mess, makeup all smudged and the spanx has given up! It's small and it's located at the end of a long hallway, so if it's busy and the line extends into that long hallway and it's full of those drunkin club folks, don't be surprised if someone vomits. Now that Those Guys Pies has opened in Summerlin, I do not have to trek to the strip for this pizza. Easily the best white pizza ever--definitely can't keep this place a secret.
204	0	If i could rate Cabo Wabo a negative score I would.   We arrive just in time for Karaoke, which I would give 5 Stars.  But that's where the good ends.   We were not actually sat by the hostess just pointed toward the tables. No menus, so I'm assuming the frat boy waiter assumed we didn't want service. When I asked for menus he looked at me like I was nuts. Then 5 seconds after getting the menus he asked us, "so are you gonna order something?" Really?  He never asked us if wanted drinks, I went up to the Bar to get mine. For a weak 8 oz margarita it was TWENTY DOLLARS!!!! For a pre-made Slurpee with house alcohol!!     I would never go back there again. They treated us like trash and we did nothing to deserve it.   And to top it off I accidentally left an expensive souvenir behind, when I returned they didn't have a lost n found they said "we just throw it away". I tried to express the whole experience to the manager, his response was "oh well".   WOW - worst service EVER!
556	1	So far this is the best pizza I've ever had.  I really like thin crust NY style and this is definitely it.  The place can be found on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan Hotel, right by the exit from Marquee.  The best IMO is the white pizza...I tried the mushroom and it was just OK.  It's $4 a slice which is reasonable, if you think it's a rip-off what the hell are you doing at the Cosmo in the first place??
449	1	This is our first time visiting the restaurant and we absolutely love it! We ordered the Premium package and ordered an extra plate of beef tongue and pork belly to go with it. The menu is easy to read and has pitcures for you to see what each item is (good for first timers). The food presentation was very nice and fresh.   The staff is very welcoming and polite. They were prompt with getting our food out. We loved that they didnt hover over us. They gave us space and let us cook the meat at our own pace (unlike other korean restaurants where they just dump all the meat on the grill and start cooking anything and everything for you whether you're ready for it or not).   The restaurant also has a nice and clean dining atmosphere. We came here around 2pm on Friday and not many people we eating here. We will probably come here every time we visit Vegas (we are from TX).   We recommend anyone who loves korean bbq to come out and try this place when you're in Las Vegas! You will not be disappointed :)
582	1	Probably my favorite pizza in all of Sin City. Secret Pizza is great, and it's not just because the pizza is stellar. The staff is nice and there's always some entertainment in the form of drunken twenty somethings if you're into people watching. Try the white pizza...it's life changing.
1588	1	This was our most anticipated restaurant opening in Las Vegas. Chef Ramsay has been stocking Stations Casinos with winners of Hell's Kitchen, but he hadn't opened one of his own here yet. We've loved his shows (if you're only seeing him on Hell's Kitchen or Kitchen Nightmares, you're missing his best on BBC America.) We own most of his cookbooks and have tried a lot of his meals on our own, but we really wanted to sample some of his creations under the direction of Executive Chef Deric Meininger. We weren't disappointed.  This is where we decided to go for our wedding anniversary. I made reservations a month in advance to make sure we didn't run into any snags. I had flowers waiting for Brenda on the table and her daughter had stopped in one evening to have a bottle of wine waiting as well. Although we had reservations, we still waited a few minutes to be seated. We weren't upset considering how many people were just walking up to the podium and getting turned away because they didn't have reservations.  Once our table was ready, we were walked through the large bar area into the high ceilinged dining room. The first thing we noticed when sitting down (besides the large Union Jack on the ceiling) was that it seemed the music was playing much louder than it needed to be which distracted a bit from the romantic evening. However, by the time the food was served, we hardly noticed it any more. Because this was a special occasion for us, we decided we were really going to splurge on our meals. I really wanted to try the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu ($145/person), but there were so many other good things on the menu to try as well I decided to wait until next time for that. While we were ordering they brought out a selection of breads with Devonshire butter topped with black sea salt. The rolls with the pancetta in the center were fantastic. Brenda really wanted to try some of the sauces that were listed with the shellfish platter (tiger prawns, king crab, clams and lobster) so we started with that. When it arrived on a huge platter, we knew we weren't going to be leaving hungry. There was at least two of each type of shellfish and the sauces (especially the champagne mignonette) really brought out the flavors, much better than the regular cocktail sauce you get everywhere else. Our second course was the seared Foie Gras. It came with a delicious puree and was quickly polished off by the two of us.  We both knew we wanted steak with our dinner. Your waiter asks ahead of time whether or not you're having steak and if so, they wheel out this large mirrored display with the various cuts of beef that they serve and explain each one to you. I went with the 32 ounce Royal Long-bone Chop and Brenda ordered the American Kobe Filet. For sides, we had the heirloom carrots, sauted spinach, caramelized Brussels sprouts and the fingerling potatoes. (I said we were splurging.)  While we waited for our food, we ordered another bottle of wine and watched the wait staff in action. They were exactly what you'd expect from a high end restaurant--attentive and polite but never intrusive. When the food arrived, we knew our stomachs were in for some trouble. the filet was probably the perfect size at 8 ounces, but I think I could have beaten someone to death with the long-bone chop because it was so large. Not only was my steak huge, but the side dishes were as well. No spoonful of vegetable/potatoes/whatever here--these are large bowls (at least a full cup or more) of each one. They are definitely meant for sharing. Both steaks were fantastic. Even though the chop was over an inch thick, it was still tender and cooked to the perfect medium rare. the filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork. If there was any disappointment (very little) it would have been the side dishes. The Brussels sprouts were good, but not as good as the ones we cook at home using Chef Ramsay's Christmas Special recipe. I liked the fingerling potatoes, but prefer the ones at GR Pub & Grill a bit more. The spinach was outstanding and it was the only thing that didn't get taken home in a doggie bag. To cap off the dinner we both had cappuccinos and I ordered some Sticky Toffee Pudding after hearing all the raves about it. I don't have a very big sweet tooth and this was just on the border (for me) of being too sweet but it was worth it. The brown butter ice cream that came with it, although sounding strange, was very good and went perfectly with the pudding cake. Luckily the GR Pub & Grill has the toffee pudding on their menu as well so we can find it somewhere without spending so much money.  Overall we had an outstanding meal, service, and experience. The cost was a bit on the high side ($500 for two of us, including two bottles of wine and the tip), but well worth every penny. It's not a place you're going to go to every month, but if you have that special occasion and don't mind spending the money it should be one of your "must visit" food destinations.
763	1	After a long flight from Chicago to Vegas that got me in at around 10PM local time, my friend recommended we immediately make our way to the Burger Bar inbetween Luxor and Mandalay Bay as he heard good things about their milkshakes. Though skeptical, I have to say I was intrigued by the prospects of a good milkshake and a burger. Little did I know that not only were these milkshakes everything he had built them up to be but the burgers were incredible as well. Good texture, perfectly cooked and highly recommend a side of sweet potato fries - which are also amazing. And you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice by just doing the burger without the milkshake. The Black White Milkshake may well be he world's perfect dessert. Chocolate mousse whipped cream with chocolate chips and fudge swimming in vanilla ice cream? Are you kidding me? We went back the night before I left just so I could have another for the road! Nice atmosphere and good service both at the tables and the bar.
335	1	It's my birthday, and the staff here really went above and beyond tonight to take care of us. I am so appreciative. It's rare, even among top restaurants, to feel like the staff truly care about your particular experience. Tonight I felt like I made new friends.   The rib cap was one of the best steaks I've ever had. The toffee pudding dessert is also now into my memory. It's amazing.   Special thanks to Tracy for such a great night.
1729	0	Holy smokes what a poorly staffed restaurant. Taking into account this is one of MGMs premier resorts and the only 24 hour restaurant I was suprised at the bad service. The bbq bacon burger at $18 was good, but that price is legandary for a late night menu.   Speaking of prices they are pretty much out of control at this restaurant... $8 for a side of fench fries, $18 for a cobb salad, $13 for some chicken tenders?? Where are the late night deals? Most 24 hour cafes have spotty service but the food is cheaper and more varied. This place had high prices and service was lacking.  At abt 3am..when the club lets out one would think mgmt would staff correctly. Having only two servers take care of 10 tables each is just bad customer service. The food took abt 20 minutes, I actually fell asleep waiting for the check and fell asleep again waiting to be cashed out. It came to a point we were sure she walked out and we ended up walking to the front to pay. Low and behold there were 3 employees standing around. Never mind theres a line at the door,  half the restaurant is empty and cant be seated because there arent enough servers and checks are taking forever to get cashed out.   Place is awful and hardly worth the price.
733	1	The cheese plate is to die for!  We celebrated our 30th Anniversary dinner here and yes it was wonderful.  The only unfortunate thing was that our appetizer, the Fromage du Jour   cheese plate was so amazing, our entrees were not the star of the show.  I ordered the  Poulet Rti and my husband ordered the Gigot d'Agneau both delish.  Great service and the ambiance was wonderfully romantic.
1606	0	The reason why we rated this buffet one star is because the well-known kabob and the crab legs that we most awaited and were there in the past weren't there anymore. The buffet literally got rid of most of the common food that were most delicious. When we were there this year, the crab legs tasted bland and had a lack of flavor to it and the kabob meat felt like chewing on a rubber band so we ended up spiting them out since it was inedible. It took a great amount of time to choose our food because of the lack of the variety of food that consisted the buffet long ago, before everything changed. This is unbelievable. In addition to the waitress services, they never even once stopped by to refill our drinks or clean up our empty plates. This is a waste of time and money since we waited an hour for this food although the food wasn't worth the price. I can now understand why this buffet is rated only three stars or worse.
539	0	Not a fine dining of course, it's more of a causal grab a bit kind of place. The Singaporean noodle was good. Spring rolls were average. I expected a bit more from the place in terms of food quality in lieu of it being in Bellagio. PS mango pudding was okay too!
983	1	What do you do when you are damn hungry and want to eat really tasty food somewhere on The Strip at 02:00 hrs? Well, you go to Grand Lux Cafe :)  I was staying in Venetian with my wife and was looking for some food joint near by. Grand Lux Cafe came to our mind since we liked the complimentary breakfast here. We ordered  Veggie Burger, Margarita Pizza and Garden Omelette. Here is what we liked about this cafe: 1. Food was just awesome. It was so tasty that we ended up eating a lot more  2. Serving size was much more than we expected(at least if I compare that to Gordon Ramsay Burgr)  3. Ambience is really really good  4. It is not costly at all  5. Wide variety of options to choose from. Me and my wife are eggetarian and even we could find sufficient number of options to choose from  6. It is open 24 hrs  Something not to miss in Vegas !
300	1	This place has 4.5 stars from 700+ reviews and it doesn't disappoint! The service is friendly and fast. The restaurant is clean and inviting with fun pop music playing in the background but most importantly the food is SO GOOD!  I highly recommend the Korean Kalbi - for $9 you get a generous portion of high quality, thickly sliced and deliciously seasoned meat. It was so good my girlfriend and I immediately ordered a second plate once we were done. The shishito peppers and mushroom medley were also amazing. Hell, everything we ordered was fresh and delicious and tasted amazing off the grill. Heck even the rice was really good and I'm Picky about rice so that's saying something.  We also ordered a bottle of soju to share (Jinro Chamisul) and it was the perfect drink to go with the meal.  My only complaint is that they do charge you for the sesame oil which is usually free in most korean BBQ places. But for the amazing prize, potions and quality of food who is complaining?  I would fly back to Vegas just to eat here ;) this place definitely was a huge highlight of my Vegas trip.
242	0	First time here and everyone I know has been to this restaurant, if you want to call it that. I was hoping the reviews for this place was wrong, but sadly, they were completely right and I wish I would have listened and spared myself the $60 I spend on half assed burgers and over-priced alcoholic drinks.   First off when you walk up, it's not a restaurant, its a ghetto picnic table seating area that looks like a food truck with dinning space. Don't have the expectation of sitting at your own table, no, you sitting with random people you don't even know.   Then they give you a drink menu, with no prices! Worst thing I did was order a drink and not ask, "How much!" It ended up being $25 and too over powered with girly sugary crap of alcohol; it actually made me sick because it was too sweet!   They are rude here just FYI, that's their thing.  I had mayonnaise packets thrown at me, my burger was burnt on purpose when I asked for well done, which I thought was fucked up. The waitress humped my boyfriend for no reason and they make you where stupid paper hats that say stupid shit on them which is whatever; part of the gimmick.  Over all the food was horrible. I'd take a McD burger over that any day which is saying a lot because I am a health nut and would never go to McDonalds. The burger patty was not fresh, the lettuce was the cheap, shredded kind and wilted and the cheese was that gross off brand kind you avoid at the grocery store.   If you can, don't come here even if you want the "experience", because overall the experience is horrible. You're not missing anything here folks. Take your money, go buy a Fat Tuesday and grab a bite at Gordon Ramsey's Burgr, because let's be honest, for $60 that offer is well worth it!
400	0	Guess what! We checked into our room and found a DIRTY TOWEL inside the shower and a dirty pillow case. Called guest services and room service has NOT showed up. And they refuse to move us to another room. Customer service at its best guys. Avoid at all cost
1223	0	Save your money and go somewhere else. This place is overpriced and the food is subpar. That 2 for 1 yard drink special is not a good deal or even a decent deal. You get two yard drinks in a souvenier plastic container for $40! You can find way better deals at any bar in Vegas. The food is so overpriced it's not even funny. Something like $20 for a quesadilla. If you like overy loud music and a party atomosphere and you don't care how much lousy quality food costs then you might like this place. Otherwise, I'd never go back.
965	0	Ha!, someone beat me to "'More' should be called 'Less'", and it's no better a name than the previous "Pharoah's Pheces".  Starving farm cats would walk away from the fish-labeled material that could be used to keep cotton sweaters safe from moths.  The prime rib could be used for knock-off Hong Kong Coach purses or for a lower-quality line of leather products it was so tough and dry.  Luxor at least could start a line of Egyptian-themed dog rawhide chews with the "prime rib" from "More-bid".  The morbid, morose "More" chicken legs were not quite as moist as the turkey Chevy Chase cut into for Christmas Vacation.  If you didn't know drosophila melanogaster was the scientific name for fruit flies you will become an expert entomologist on the little suckers at the morbid, morose "More".  Those aren't black sesame seeds on your dessert.  Opt-in and consume the comparably yummy & authentic African dung beetles and opt-out for eating "More".  Yes, I did notify the Filipina waitress my wife was chatting with in Tagalog of the issues and they were not new.
1732	1	Food: A+ Jalapeno poppers: were SO delicious and crispy. can not describe how beautiful it was, the little shot glasses with dipping sauce was perfect. especially with gordon ramsay's "special" surprise haha. Nice touch. Delicious to look at, delicious to eat. No exaggeration.  Burgers were really really rich and filling, very delicious. Nicely seasoned. Didn't need ketchup or anything.  Service: A+ After reading the reviews, thought the seating would be terrible; it wasn't we were sat right away. Service was impeccable. I would say I have never received better service anywhere else. Didn't check in too often, server was very knowledgeable in foods and drinks and our food runner presented the food really well. Pre-bussed our food right away; I mean what else can you ask for.  This place was excellent.
739	1	Bouchon has never let me down! I've been to the one in Napa, the one in New York, and now the one in Vegas, and I am very pleased with the consistency across the board.  For a well-established restaurant, I was surprised that it was so hidden and impossible to find. We literally walked all the way around the Venetian, but the signs (like all of the signs in Vegas) were tiny and completely miss-able and finally had to stop and ask someone. Basically, you have to find the Venezia Tower, which is guarded by security, take the elevator to the 10th floor, which is a SEPARATE button not in the normal numerical sequence, and then go pass another security guard. Crazy, no wonder it was completely empty when we got there around lunch time!  Anyways, the interiors were beautiful as usual - the perfect composition of dark grains and warm, natural light. Our service wasn't stellar, but it was good enough.  But the FOOD definitely saved it for me. We ordered the sourdough waffles and the florentine quiche. The waffles came with super ripe strawberries and vanilla bean butter - a brilliant sweet complement to the slight hint of sourdough. The quiche, which was my first, was so melt-in-my-mouth-good. Nothing was overpowering, and I didn't feel yucky at the end. I will definitely have a a high standard for quiches from now on.  I wish there was a Bouchon in the city; I'm dying for some waffles right now!
1462	0	On the positive side, this place has a great view, so if you're coming here, I recommend getting a seat overlooking the fountains and ordering beer and some shots.  The food is not good... we had an overly greasy torta and some very bad basic mexican dishes.
1457	0	Not worth your money and time. The atmosphere and decor is really cute but sad to say, that is not enough to bring me back. The Tuna Ceviche was probably the most exciting thing there. The tanginess and these crunch lil things which I suspect is fried roe makes the dish! The tacos were blah and bland and most dissapointing of all was some wheat noodles with tiger sauce. We thought the sauce sounded exciting and exotic but it was just chinese fermented bean sauce. This sauce does nothing to boost the flavor of the horribly bland wheat noodles. Totally disappointing and I will not be back!.
685	1	Another success for Thomas Keller.  Located on the quieter back side of the Venetian, this large French restaurant is great for lunch or dinner, but the best for Sunday brunch.  It gets busy quick so either come early or be prepared to wait.   There is fresh seafood that greets you behind the host's platform.  I suggest a dozen oysters and a spicy bloody mary to get things started.  Almost everything on the menu is delicious, and they always have a few specials including an omlette/egg dish.  If you have room at the end, have some french press coffee and the beignets.  This is my recipe for happiness.  Oh yeah, finish by waddling back to your room, having some afternoon nookie (optional), and then taking a fat ass nap.  Life is good.
714	0	This review is for the casino only, and after hanging out there for a couple hours, I probably would not consider getting a room here, even if it was free. I'm the kind of person that doesn't mind paying a little more for service, or at least some personality.   I dropped my money off at the blackjack tables, and the roullete table, and of the six or seven different dealers that ran them, NOT ONE was polite, funny or even smiling. If you're gonna take my money, at least give me a smile. Smiles are free at McDonalds, and they have a dollar menu. The last table I played, the Roullete dealer barked at me for picking up my chips too soon, and gave me a look that made me want to knock his nose in. The waitress that was taking drinks at first did not want to give me a drink because I wasn't seated, and when I showed her my stack of chips on the table, she rolled her eyes back and said, "well whadda ya want then?" Don't these people work on tips? Yeah, stay the hell away from this place.
40	0	the food was good and so was the iced coffee but they really did not want to give me much coffee. the first time i went there i got a regular size iced coffee and it was more like a cup of ice with coffee. it was delicious so i decided to go the following day, i ordered another iced coffee, this time i asked for less ice. when i got my coffee, it was filed up 3/4 way, i asked the cashier sarcastically "you guys dont fill up the cup" and all he told me was "u asked for less ice". it was disappointing, i would look for  new place with good iced coffee because they just dont really want to give you your money's worth,
1570	1	Visiting Las Vegas from Philly. Delightfully surprised to find an awesome korean bbq place. We had the kalbi, bulgolgi, spicy pork and filet. All of which was excellent. Decor and staff are 5 star worthy as well. Will definitely be back next time we come to vegas.
1503	1	Nestled on the third floor of the charming Cosmopolitan, Secret Pizza is the food equivalent of Platform 9 3/4.  Slice for slice, Secret Pizza is probably my favorite Vegas (over the traditional staples such as Earl's, Pink's, etc.) to visit for all my late night fatty indulgences.    Secret Pizza delivers the quintessential New York style slice: a sparing amount of zesty sauce and cheese without an abundance of toppings. The crust is thin and crispy while the base holds up well for folded consumption rapidly.  You should probably order at least two slices.  I've gone so far as ordering 4 slices at once and even a whole pie.  The variety of slices differs by the day.  If you want something that isn't featured on the display, you'll need to go ahead and order a pie.  Always order it with a beer.  My addiction is out of hand.  I once left Hakkasan early just so I could beat the lines and get my hands on these slices (wait times around 2-3 am are approximately 30-45 minutes). On most trips, I'll go at least once.  Other times, I'll venture here two or three times.  When I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for my birthday, I had it three times in one day.  I know - I'm one sick puppy.
195	0	Service sucked we came here two nights in a row after going out so it was prob close to 4 am.  We were the only people eating there both nights on a Sunday and Monday and our food took forever everyone who worked there was rude.  We only went again on Monday because it was the only thing open at Planet Hollywood and didn't feel like searching anywhere else out!  Food was ok when your super tired and hungry but we were so annoyed by the staff it wasn't worth it.  Def don't go!
256	0	So my boyfriend was giving me a hard time for being a bratty princess with the need to stay at a fancy place. Ok, fine, I'll show you. I booked this hotel as a Christmas "gift" to him just to show I can stay in such "cheap" place.   And boy was this cheap, as in, cheap in every way. The room was mediocre at best. The floors had stains of god knows what and the bathroom arrangement was retarded. Only the shower and toilet was on tiled floor, the sink is outside in the carpeted area. It  was... stupid. The walls were ridiculously thin and you can hear EVERYTHING. My friend told us about his bad experience with LVH with the maids throwing away all of his stuff had me paranoid so we stuffed our belongings in drawers and closets as well as took pictures of them to make sure we have proof. Luckily nothing happened but I do not want to go through that ordeal of feeling unsafe.   My boyfriend said we're never staying here again. HA! Proved you wrong hunny and even you were appalled.   DON'T STAY HERE!
74	0	Literally every section has the same three items ( bacon, eggs, and sausages). There's a very small selection. This will be my last time eating here. Awful food and service during breakfast. I'm highly disappointed that I wasted my money and time waiting in line.
1013	0	Upon my arrival there were only a few people standing for check-in but there is no front desk staff available. I could understand the wait if there was people standing around. Then, I was dragged into a room by a staff and instead of expediting the check-in, it resulted to being much worst. The  VOLARIS cabin crew are being checked-in at that time and the clerk too them a while. The clerk that was to help me to pass to another clerk check in another group and she said "OH I CANNOT MOVED BECAUSE I AM BUSY".  She said this in front of the customer/guest. She cannot move her chair because of her size (no offense meant). She ended up moving to the front to walk around the table to go to her table to check me in while another customer was neglected ahead of me. So I decided to let him go first and for me to wait again. I worked in the airline industry and deal with hotels for my crew and these crew check-in process needs to be updated. Way too long to check-in 5 crew members.  Went to my room, checked the room itself, asked to be transferred to another room. I checked the room itself and bed, found some hairs on the mattress. Toiletries that's was in the room is half empty. Is this a leftover of the former occupant of this room?  My bathroom lights were out, so I called the front desk and was put on hold for a while ending up hanging up and calling back again. Roughly I was in the hotel at 3Pm and it took like 3 phones calls for the bathroom lights to be fixed. One maintenance guy came at at 8pm to fix the light but I cannot let him in at that time so I asked him for another time.  Then I asked for extra towels, it never happened. I ended up the next morning looking for housekeeping cleaning up the room to ask for extra towels. I asked for an extra towel regularly for my stay not for just one day but it never did happen. Every time I go the LAS VEGAS I use the SPA. I visited and check the spa and nothing comparable to the others. Expensive and the value is not worth using it.   The worst part of my stay is EARLY MORNING 9AM. I went down to Fortuna to buy coffee. It was pretty busy but not that busy. I ordered coffee and a pastry. I was paying and this rude cashier wearing eyeglasses told me PER SE word by word in a very rude manner "YOU HAVE TO TELL ME WHAT YOU ORDERED  BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ORDERED". If I woke up in a wrong side of the bed this morning, this will be a long discussion. This cashier clerk/barista has a look that looks like she is just working and not happy at all with what she is doing, arrogant and rude. As, I walk the lobby every day and see her I had to do something about it. That was my first and last time I bought something from that store.  My room was non-smoking but I smell cigarette burning in the room. I don't know if it was a guest smoking or the ventilation of the room itself. I called the front desk, so the nth time, I was put on hold again, ending up calling again and again. They offered to be transferred but I decline because I was going to check-out the next day. Front desk promised to spray the room with something, but I guess when I came back, it never did happen.  Upon my check-out I decided to do something about the Fortuna Shop and express my frustrations.  If you have any other choices that this hotel..move on
545	1	This place is hidden behind the clear/silver elevator across from STK.  It's not on any maps & it's down a hallway.  They had the best think crust pizza.  If you don't like pizza sauce they have a "white" slice and it has no tomato sauce.  Just cheese & garlic.  It's only $3.50 for a slice, however the soda in a red cup is the SAME price.  I thought that was a bit  much.  As soon as you come up the escalator stay straight ahead and you'll see it .
1407	1	Hands down the best burger I ever tasted ... I had ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and the truffle fries sooooo good ! Service was great . Better get there early because it will be a line outside the door . Great experience . I will be going back :)
638	1	My wife and I wanted to have our anniversary dinner at GR Steak and let me tell you... it was fantastic! We were brought in on schedule at 6:30. We were given some interesting details about decor as we were taken to our table. Unfortunately the table was in a dark corner on the first floor with a wall for my view. I politely asked if we could get another table and our request was granted without hesitation... a table at the bottom of the stairs with a perfect view of the action. Our waiter Alex was excellent... answering every question we had and not making us feel rushed. We ordered wine and the chorizo stuffed lobster tail for an app and it was outstanding! Next we ordered our entrees... the rib cap for me and the infamous beef wellington for my wife. The rib cap was amazing as well as the wellington... melts in your mouth. My wife and I got the asparagus and mac and cheese for sides respectively... and let me tell you it was the best mac and cheese Ive ever had! Then it gets better... dessert is sticky toffee pudding... omg... I have never tasted any dessert that can even come close to the synergy of flavors that Chef Ramsay gave me. All I can say is Chef Ramsay delivers on all levels... from the food... to the service... to the atmosphere... this is an experience that you will never forget!... ever!
1617	1	After a long flight, this was a delightful treat! Late night dinner on the recommendation of a friend and four of us took down a whole cheese pie. The sauce was perfect- light and not rich, but awesome flavor. Hot and absolutely fresh from the oven, and perfect for the first night here!
951	0	As soon as we walked in our room, the toilet was running constantly and would not flush. We called the front desk and waited an hour and nobody answered us. We decided to head out for a bit and when we got back we called the front desk again, waited a while and someone finally answered. We asked if we could change rooms and they said no. They said they would send a repair guy to fix the toilet, they did not apologize for the inconvenience.  When we got back that night the toilet was fixed. But the next morning as i went to take a nice shower, i could hardly keep my balance because there was water stuck under the bottom of the tub lining. I slipped a couple of times and so did my boyfriend. I can only imagine how much it must be rotting under there. There were also hand towels on top of the bathroom door and shower rod that were hard as a rock... Who knows how long they were there for.  Not to mention the sleepless nights because of young kids hanging out in the hallway, smoking and drinking and yelling for hours. Will NEVER stay there again.
497	0	If this was my first time having Vietnamese food, I'd never have it again.  It's not just how obnoxious the exterior is, with the ultra-strong lights that probably drive every insect in a ten mile radius to the store front, or how unnecessarily large the place is - but it's the mediocrity of the food and the stinginess of the restaurant that really just earns it a low, low rating.  Their baguettes are ho-hum, the amount of meat per sandwich is underwhelmed by the pickled veggies, and while the price is great I'd much rather go to Mr. Sandwich and pig out there.  When I say stingy, I refer to their iced coffee.  I love Vietnamese coffee (strong Vietnamese coffee individually dripped with condensed milk and it's delicious and nom nom nom and really should be a dessert), 70% of that cup is ice, the rest is yummy Vietnamese coffee.  Want more?  Ask for low ice and what do they say?  "Sorry, pre-measured, I'll have to charge you twice."  Seriously.  I'm paying three bucks for three slurps of coffee?  I can go around the corner, go either side to Pho Kim Long or a five minute walk and get some Vietnamese coffee for a full serving!    Their spring roll looks like it had two shrimp and some real veggies in there.  It's allll laid on the top with the shrimp sliced in half.  So it's nothing but filler.  Where's the taste?  I was informed that they used to have really great food in California about ten years ago.  I dunno what happened, but wow.  However, I will give it to them - Interior is super squeaky clean, modern, and ultra-bright, as I mentioned, as well as 24 hours.
1317	0	Thirty bucks for steak and crab legs. Kinda pricey and easily overpriced. I will not be back. I'd rather go to Luxor and Excalibur all day for 15 bucks more. I'm glad this was a business trip and was expensed. Here's the breakdown of why: -The "steak" was rediculously overdone, which I can see why they would drown it in sauce. -The Roast Beef at the carving station looked more like a ball of muscle that they literally just lopped off of a cow. "Yeah hey, lets not trim that, it looks fine... I mean sure it looks like the meatball alien thing from Duke Nukem, but people love nostalgia. -The macaroni and cheese was creamy, but only tasted like macaroni. Why would you serve this? -The Crab legs... are sliced through with, what I would assume was, a table saw. Nothing screams delicious like small bits of crab leg shell in the steamed-out, dried up, blade-o-grass thin, crab legs. After I had essentially given up on the "great eating" here, I decided to try the lower quality "food". Who the hell makes sweet and sour chicken with chicken nuggets? Oh these guys do. And the nuggets? The only thing they were missing was a Double Bubble Branding. I didn't want to delve into why whys and hows, because it wasn't going to be pretty, but here it is. I hope that MGM can rise from this mess and actually produce decent food again soon.
1741	0	ZERO stars.  Here's my story..... 4 nights in Vegas for the Rugby Seven's Tourney.  Decided to ease up on the nightly $200 dinner bill and go for a burger with the wife, daughter, sis/bro-in-law and their infant daughter.  We get seated after waiting 15 minutes (restaurant was not even half full).  Sit down and waitress ask for our drink orders.  I order an orange shake and a water.  water comes out in a few minutes. She takes our order.  We wait ten, twenty, thirty minutes. not one thing comes.  We would have made a huff, but our kids were there and Redfoo from LMFAO was sitting next to us, so we let it slide for the moment.  Now we watch Redfoo get his food, eat it and leave, and three tables around us get drinks and appetizers going.  Finally, flag the waitress (who clearly didn't give a rats ass about customer service) and ask what gives?  She says, "Oh yeah, i think the ticket got stuck in the machine.  it will be out in a few minutes".  30 minutes later, the bro-in-law leaves and our food comes out.  The guy who brings out the food yells across the room to the hostess up front.  "IS THIS 21.  IS THIS FOR TABLE 21?"  as he starts giving our food to another table.  We say its our food and tell him we've been waiting over an hour for our food.  He says, "no you haven't"  the ticket says 26 minutes."  Idiot.  So we get our food, they forget half of the order and my daugther's meal was left out.  We wait another 10 minutes for my daughter's food to come.  Still haven't gotten my shake.  For the first time since she took our order, server comes buy and we tell her, we've waited over an hour for our food, our order was wrong and items were forgotten.  She responds, "I guess the teamwork isn't working today." whatt????  Then she says, "well you still want the shake?"  Never an apology, or acknowledgement of our waiting so long.   After all the waiting, our food was not good at all.  Just average fair.  Would have been better to go to McD's.  Oh and I finally got that shake. After my meal was finished.    I will be sharing this with the corporate folks and the Palazzo.  It was shameful and those who run this business should know that their staff is going to ruin their business.
69	0	The worst of the worst...... Omg....... Don't even think or get attempt by it from buy one get one coupon....  Horrible... Very narrow choices of food and taste is the worst.. Everything is either sweet or way too salty... I couldn't even eat two plates... Will never come back....
1861	0	I wandered the Strip with some girlfriends during Memorial Day weekend and stumbled upon Noodles in the Bellagio.   First, the hostesses took a while to seat us despite the fact that there were several empty tables in the restaurant. Once we were seated, and we ordered our food, it took a really long time for it to come out. I'm a pretty patient person, and I would not say gluttony is a deadly sin of mine, but wow the food took SO LONG to come out. If the restaurant was busier I would understand, but wow it took literally more than half an hour after we ordered, and we only had five people in our party. Food was alright...kind of mediocre, I wouldn't come here again (& for more reasons below!). The five of us each got different dishes and they were okay...pretty subpar. I guess being Asian, you have a bit of a higher standard for noodle dishes, but as non-biased as I am trying to be, the food here was below average.  The worst part came AFTER we left Noodles. One of my friends had an allergic reaction to the food (she ordered the pad thai) after we left. She had trouble breathing and broke out in hives everywhere until she took some Benadryl to alleviate the reaction. She is allergic to nuts, not peanuts (peanuts are legumes, not nuts!), so we assumed there may have been other nuts in the pad thai they might have not listed on the menu. We called the restaurant to let them know of this and after talking to several (at least 3) people at the restaurant, they repeatedly just read the menu to us and said she might've had a reaction to the peanuts. Like I said...she is not allergic to peanuts and orders pad thai all the time. There were probably other products in the food that were processed in a place with nuts, we assumed. We talked to the manager and he was very apologetic over the phone, got our information down (what hotel we were staying at, what room, how bad the reaction was, etc.), and insisted that he send someone up to our hotel room to check on my friend. She was feeling a little better (able to breathe, thank God), but we agreed to the person coming up to check on her just to make sure she was okay. We waited quite a while in the hotel room...no one came up. The manager ended the phone call with "Sorry about that, hope you feel better." ...thanks, NOODLES.  Overall experience: mediocre food and bad customer service (even before my friend got sick). And then they did not keep their promise of having someone come up to our hotel room at the Monte Carlo. Yes, my friend did feel better after taking Benadryl, but after getting our information down and extensive phone conversations with us regarding the situation, and all of us waiting in our room, you would think management would come through. We also e-mailed them after we left Vegas a couple days later about this, but no response. -_-  Get it together, NOODLES!
1283	1	You won't have :better" pizza anywhere.  As good, perhaps, but not better. No way.  Had a slice of white and a slice of the pepperoni and wow.  From the crust to the perfect amount of cheese the right amount of toppings ... it's a secret only because there are no signs and unless you spot a person walking out with a pizzza box or slice on a plate you would never think to go down some random hallway ... but the secret is out.  The place was packed (very little seating) with people ordering deliciousness.    Will definitely go back on my next Vegas visit.
671	1	When my boyfriend told me he wanted to eat a $60 burger, I thought he had lost his mind. Who would pay that much for a burger? Well, after having it, we would, that's who.   This burger is decadent. So decadent, that I would suggest splitting it. We sat at the bar. Ordered a beer on tap, ordered a side of fries and the $60 burger split.   The place was casual, fun and we genuinely had a good time eating that burger and hanging out at this restaurant.   If your in LV, then your probably thinking your going to spend some money anyway. If you like meat, and your not opposed to spending your money on a really expensive burger, I say this is a must try.   Enjoy!
380	1	My boyfriend and I ate here while we were in Vegas a few weeks ago, and we have not stopped thinking/talking about the burgers here since!!  We came in here with very high expectations, since we are avid Kitchen Nightmares watchers and figured this restaurant had the highest standards, and I'm pleased to say every expectation was met.  Our burgers were literally the best burgers we have ever had and we have been craving them ever since. We also loved the fries! The come with 2 delicious dipping sauces, and there was one that I LOVED, but I forget what the name of it was. The prices were also very decent for the quality of food we received.  I HIGHLY recommend BurGR if you're looking for an awesome burger!
376	0	We tried it for breakfast since we were staying at the hotel and had a two-for-one coupon. If you're in that same situation, there are worse places you could go, but if you're contemplating paying full price, don't.    If you're in Vegas to enjoy gambling and shows, this might be a convenient option to fill up. If delicious food is on your "must" list, keep looking.
168	1	WOOOO, Shake Shack. I still have dreams about you.  I'm so glad we decided to cancel our original lunch plans to stop in here. Best decision we made all day.  The was a bit of a lineup, but it moved quite quickly. After ordering, we're given a buzzer which was cool. A little more organized than calling out numbers. The location was kept very clean and modern inside. It wasn't too hard to find seats, as there is a lot of turn over here and guests are considerate to leave once done their meal.  We wanted to try the original, so we ordered the double, draft root beer and a strawberry shake. All GREAT! The burger was just so melt in your mouth delicious. It was a tad salty, but that didn't stop me from devouring this beast.  The shake was sooo friggen good. I would go back just for a shake, but it would be hard to resist a burger. The root beer was only alright, I'm not sure I would order it again.  Overall, I was amazed. Burgers are one of my favourite foods, I'm not easily amazed by a burger, but when I am, it's so eye opening.   This is a definite must when going to Vegas (or NY)
1017	0	If I had never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, I would have still thought the service a bit slow.  However, having been to Fogo de Chao and a couple of others like it in Atlanta, I know how good it can be and this doesn't measure up.  If you are paying big money on the strip you should match or outdo anything in Atlanta, so to see this fall short is really disappointing.  Someone in Vegas set this thing up and is just going through the motions.
598	1	I went to the Peppermill for my 21st bday, and got my first drink there.  I purposefully went looking for somewhere to go for my 21st, and I loved all the photos of the outside and inside of the Peppermill. When I got there, I was not disappointed by its looks. Sure, some may think its too "vegas-y" or tacky but I really enjoyed the uniqueness.  As for the food, the portions are large but finish-able, I had a pancake breakfast for dinner and my boyfriend had the fish and chips (curly fries) and we were both happy. I tried a mai tai and it was pretty big and delicious, though I can't compare it to other mai tai's as it was my first drink.  The staff were very helpful, and we even got a free souvenir photo!   If you're going to Vegas, I'd definitely stop by at least once (or twice). Also, LARGE parking lot!
507	1	I was introduced to this place by a friend while i lived in vegas for almost a decade. Located inside Mandalay Bay it is in their upstairs shopping area and has a great atmosphere. Service was great and booths are nice and roomy and four of us adults sat comfortably in there.  Burgers were great as were the sides and drinks. I ordered a custom made burger which does add up when you start piling on things like pineapple and different cheeses. Also added some foie gras to my burger which was delish.  The only gripe i have which i assume has nothing to do with the restaurant itself is that Yelp* has this as a $$ which i think it should be a $$$ considering there cheapest burger is in the $19 range. Other than that i have always had a great experience there and now that i live out of state Burger Bar is a must whenever i go to Las Vegas which is usually twice a year.
953	1	One platter can fill the needs of two hungry people. Three not so hungry people. A group of 5 for a snack.   Get liquor in your coffee starting at 7:30 am. I would suggest the Mexican coffee.   Loved the house smoked salmon w/ basil pesto, fresh tomato and melted brie cheese. Must get the french toast.
1638	1	Not for the faint of heart. YES, everything you read about this location is true and when you go at night for dinner, it's especially scary but oh so worth the risk!   Once you step inside, it's as if you walked through the looking glass. The restaurant is huge, with a very large wine room that you can see through the glass walls. We didn't make reservations and our expected wait was 45 minutes for three but were seated in a short 15 minutes, just enough time to order drinks at the bar. Note that they only serve beer, wine (huge selection) and sake.  Service was efficient and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I was determined not to order regular dishes but was with some diners that aren't that adventurous, so no raw meat, liver or too spicy!  We ordered Tod Mun Plar, Garlic/Pepper Chicken Wings and Pad Thai. All were very good, fresh and more than enough to share for 4 but only three of us. Also, luckily we ordered  these typical dishes because it was all the non spicy eater in our group could eat, although the fish cakes had a little kick.  We ordered the Squid garlic, sauce was amazing, even just with rice! The waiter suggested the Braised Short Rib with Panang and Thai Basil Catfish. Here is where we tread the spicy fantastic. We specifically ordered mild and their mild is a regular joe's spicy! It was great and depth of flavors, even with the heat, were so good. Thankfully, the water server did her rounds regularly and filled our glasses each time!  The fifth star really is for the price. Six dishes and drinks for three (enough food for four) was under $100, unheard of for such great food, environment and service.
297	1	Adam Richman I have to thank u for telling us about this spot it was the best breakfast I've had in my life. Like u said on Ur show the food is mmm my goodness mmm my goodness. A group of us came here to try this place cause we heard great things about it. It was pack on Saturday and we waited for about 45 Min's and we were starving so we couldn't wait to eat. The drinks are good My OJ was fresh u can taste that they just made it and my cousin had the watermelon kiwi it was sweet but good.   The food took about 25 Min's but they tell u that on the menu because they cook everything fresh so a Lil wait won't hurt. I got the MVF special which is the Andy sage chicken and omg that bad boy was da bomb. I thought the chipotle sauce may ruined it but no it made it better and the griddle mash on the bottom so freaking delicious they kept picking at it. It is a big portion but if u love to eat then get it. My cousin got the Chicken and waffles and since I live in L.A we have Roscoe's and they known for the waffles and chicken. My cousin said wtf is that bacon inside my waffle F***ing hell ya. The plate looks like a freaking sky scrapper when it comes out he said it was the best chicken and waffles he ever had but I still like Roscoe's but the best fried chicken is at HHGG IMO.   My cousin In law got the tractor farm with the banana Cinnamon french toast and holy cow that toast had to be 3 inches thick it was ridiculously but I had a bite and it sent me to the moon it was that good. Overall we paid 63 bucks for 3 people which is cheaper then the buffet and I was the only one to finish my meal. Place is kool portions are big the staff is friendly but the wait sucks but 5 stars all the way.
1927	1	Yes, yes and yes. Go up to the 3rd floor and walk forward from the escalators. You'll see an unmarked hallway and then you'll smell pizza... So good. Both their new York style crust and Sicilian are great. The white pie has garlic and cheeses. Ricotta to be specific!! So good. You won't regret this nice little break from the craziness of Vegas!
114	0	When it comes to Lee's Sandwiches, I'll guess the answer is I'll have to come back in a few months to see if they're doing anything differently.    Unlike a few other Yelpers who have had a Lee's Sandwich experience before, I've never been to this chain and really wanted to go as soon as they opened.  I really like banh mi and wanted to see if this place stacked up to other local establishments.  Unfortunately the service was super slow (perhaps due to being relatively new) and the sandwiches were not up to par.  I found them to be REALLY skimpy on the toppings as there were quite a few bites of my charbroiled pork sandwich that consisted of just bread and pickled carrots. I brought a bunch of friends with me to try it out and their sandwiches were equally..."empty".  I hope they understand that my desire to go to Lee's was to try them for the first time and not to show them a great place to eat.  As with some other places to eat here in Vegas, Lee's seems to be one of those places that is good just because it's open.  The quality is not there, we experienced really slow service and the sandwiches are skimpy.  I like the baguettes but there are better if I'm willing to drive to them.   Overall, not the best, but something to eat if you need to soak up some alcohol after a night of going out.  As I'm a cab driver, I'll probably never go there for that reason so I guess I'll go back in about 6 months to see if they've gotten any better.   Before I forget, it seems that Lee's has an abundance of ice as their drinks (coffee, iced tea or soft drinks) are mostly ice.  Make sure you don't get thirsty here as their drinks are mostly comprised of ice and you could end up spending a fortune to quench your thirst!  Maybe that will make the sandwiches seem like a better deal?
171	1	Went here for lunch on New Year's Day and it was amazing! The guys who work at the counter were so friendly and provided exceptional service! For our friend he was given a small slice (which really wasn't that small), but the guy at the counter threw in a free extra slice without us even a asking! Wow! Not only that, but the guy also made sure to give me a perfect slice! Seriously, the pizza was delicious, but what really won us over was how friendly and awesome the crew are! They also found out it was my boyfriends birthday and they made sure to all wish him well and gave him a yummy dessert on the house! We will definitely be sure to make secret pizza a vegas tradition from now on!! Wonderful experience!!!
303	1	Dear god, we have found heaven.  After (yet another) heavy night of drinking, I dragged my ladies out of bed after 2 hours of sleep so that would could get Easter Brunch at Bouchon. They were not pleased...until they tried the food. Then they knew it was worth it.  The ambiance made you feel like you were abroad. Really. The host was helpful and seated us a bit early for our rez. Our waiter (my only compliant about this place) was actually kinda an ass. We ordered 3 entrees but my friend also wanted an order of the doughnuts and he kept "correcting" her that she wanted 2 orders...when in fact she kept telling him she wanted 1. Really odd and unnecessary.  Anyway moving on TO THE FOOD. The bouchon bread pudding french toast was out of this world! Tasted like bread pudding meets apple pie. The beignets were the best I've ever had! Warm and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Their omelettes were also tasty and fresh.   Will be returning here shorty for another fabulous brunch!
1434	1	Never disappointed whenever I go here. I live pretty far from the strip so this is a treat whenever I'm near the location! It's one of the better places to go for casual burgers, shakes, fries, etc! I love it so much and shakes are pretty good and I love the changing of the flavors they offer. I recommend this place over In N Out (sorry ) my boyfriend always tells his friends from out of town about this place and they also end up loving it too!
499	1	Love In n Out? Forget about it, this place will blow your mind! I've never travelled off the strip for a meal. Boy, I was missing out on the best burgers of mah life! I saw stars and angels while I chomped away, while my taste buds screamed out, "Hallejuah! Asian! Burgers! Genius!"  I got to try the miyagi and the kiki burgers and both were divine-okay the miyagi was better because I asked for wagyu beef for my kiki burger and it came out bunless. Not sure if that happens when you substitute the meat or by chance I accidently agreed to no buns?  Bachi Burger, you just made Vegas a whole lot funner for me. Can't wait to come back and try each and every delectable-sounding burger.
492	0	Bad bad bad bad bad  I only ate here because it was close by.  Came on a Saturday, we didn't really want the champagne, but they still charged us the $22 bucks for it.  The food, bleh. Tri-colored potatoes were too salty corn bread was super dry chocolate cake was more like a solid block of fudge The "cheese cake" was crap and multi colored Plus the lack of fresh fruit/vegetables.  Were all not ripe.  The only thing I remember that was good was the mashed potatoes.  And yay for cotton candy.  This place def was not the place for a vegetarian either, I pretty much just loaded up on junk food and carbs.  I'd have to say our waiter was really attentive and nice though.
1624	0	A piece of advice for an employee named "Dee" who has intentionally removed her name tag after her poor and unprofessional customer service. DON'T ever argue with CUSTOMERS regarding where they want to be seated ( and It is none of your business why customers want to sit at a certain table) and you could have solved this problem easily with me instead of bringing your manager and chef out to defend for yourself.  Thank you for your horrible customer service "Dee" and making my first staying experience at Aria "unforgettable". I have to leave one star because I have to but I don't think you even deserve it. Definitely, I won't be back and it is a thumb down for future referral when someone asks. Lastly,  it looks like I am not the only one complain about "your" (upper management) restaurant's customer service.
1063	1	Just for reference, I don't write 5 star reviews unless they're very well deserved.  But this place consistently rates high with us.  This was out third visit.  We recently visited Egg & I for breakfast with a group of six.  We arrived about 10:30 in the morning.  There was a considerable waiting line.  However, the hostess was very sweet and efficient. The estimated 20 minutes wait was actually more like 10 minutes.  Our waitress (sadly I didn't get her name) was incredible, attentive without being overbearing, quick and efficient.  Once our orders were taken, the food arrived fairly quickly, no mistakes or wrong items.  We pretty much all ordered something different.  I had the house made (not canned) corn beef hash and eggs.  Excellent.  Can't remember what everybody had but all raved about their food. Avoid the strip with it's lines and cheesy buffets and overpriced breakfasts and check this place out.  Just a short drive from the strip.  Mostly locals and a few visitors.  A gem!
780	1	I got offered over an hour wait at a restaurant upstairs, heard this spot was a nice place to grab a quick meal, but still has a 30+ minute wait. I wanted to at least get some cosmo experience, so I ponied up to the bar here. Despite the business, A Daisy Dukes put on a good show when it came to pouring my drinks and helping me with the menu. The 'BFG' as she put it=DANK. Lamb burgers are definitely my new flavor.
1601	0	Tried to charge us additional than what they first told us at check in.  "Happy Hour" from 5-6 always ran out of food and drinks by 5:15. Very poor planning. We had to request our room be serviced because we were skipped for 2 days. The Starbucks overcharged my card and when I confronted them they said it was my issue to handle.  Had to request towels be sent to our room, when they didn't bring them had to request again. No follow up from staff and was treated like I was an inconvenience.    On the good side the room was neat and what I expected and the roof top pool was relaxing.
1027	1	OMG!!!  this place is the best, as soon as i found it, i came back every day i was in town!  I always get a couple slices of the White pizza, a lot of garlic, but i like that!  it is really good, thats just my opinion!  A must go to spot at the Cosmo!
868	1	Always a great meal at Hash House. Love everything I have tried on the menu from the salads to the salmon and of course the chicken and waffles. Service is nice and the portions as well as quality justify the price which is about $15-20 per entree. Food comes out quickly and is beautifully presented, a staple every time we come to Vegas!
1249	0	Not impressive. I went here for dinner with 5 other people and the line to pay for our buffets was enormous, but moved quickly. We were seated and a server promptly took our drink order. However, when she got back to the table, she had the diet and regular sodas all mixed up.  The buffet area is set up according different food "cultures": Japanese, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern, etc. Some of the food looked absolutely horrifying. My dad saw them mixing in snow crab legs with the king crab legs. Lots of stuff looked like it had been sitting out for awhile...  I found the only edible food in the Middle Eastern portion of the buffet. It had some couscous and fresh tomatoes sliced in half and topped with some sort of veggie concoction. It also had tandoori chicken and some really good vegetables.  I would avoid most of the meat here. Did not look appetizing at all...   They did have made-to-order crepes at the dessert station; I had a bananas foster crepe and it was pretty good.  Would I pay $30 to eat here again? Heck no. Especially if you can't eat much. If you're going to try this place out anyway, check around for coupons -- we found $5 off coupons available online.
1405	0	This place isn't really a good deal.  I found this place off hotel.com and the price seem good.  I booked by calling the hotel by phone. BUT, after showing you their price the hotel also has fees and taxes that add to an extra hundred dollars. $11.00  a night for resort fee.  Really??  When we got there, we waited in line for an hour. The line was long and they only had 2 check-in servers. The kiosk was out of order.  They say it's free valet, but they only tend to people who are checking in day of. So we couldn't use it after our first night, we actually didn't get to use it at all. Room service came around 8:30-9am everyday. If your still sleeping, they will leave and not comeback to clean unless you ask.  The pool is small and always packed.  This place has plenty of rooms which brings in so much costumers.  So everything that the hotel accommodates is just too crowded. (parking, pool, casino, etc...) We went to a comedy show there, and the comedian was saying she wouldn't be surprised of there was a bulldozer outside waiting to take the hotel down after the show. (True!) Lol!! Pro: the servers are really nice.  Every time we asked for something they help out.   It was a bad experience.
1192	0	Cost is ~ $40 for dinner.  The Chinese food wasn't very tasty and the carvery had very dry meat.  That's okay because they have a large selection.  They also had crag legs, both warm and cold, but the thing that grossed me out was when I saw one of the workers putting the cold seafood away with his bare hands!  At first, I thought he must be throwing them away, but after walking around to see where he was placing the crab legs in, I was shocked to see that he was putting them away and not throwing them away.  Now that may have happened just that one night, right?  Wrong!  I had to go back a couple days later because a few of my colleagues wanted a buffet and it happened to be one of the few w/in walking distance and was opened.  I thought...maybe that was just that one time....  Nope, I saw the same guy cleaning up with his bare hands..  If you want to get ripped off and have some "natural" crab leg tastes, then go here!
1093	1	This place is AWESOME! We ALWAYS come here when we visit Vegas! I always get the same burger (the Hangover Burger, which, I describe as a 'higher-end IN-N-OUT Burger). I also LOVE the salted caramel!   The service is ALWAYS excellent and they are always friendly!   I really can't say enough good things about this place. It's definitely worth a visit!
791	1	Found another bomb breakfast place in Vegas!! this place is on the Zagat list so that's why it gets a lot of ppl there every morning!! we ordered the steak benedict n the corned beef. Let me tell u this... the steak benedict was sooo good lots of steak in it so I was really full after! but the corned beef was even better!! My gf ordered that one wanna swtich with her hahah kinda far from the strip but its worth the drive tho!!
1796	1	Great Burger~  I had the Hubert Keller burger--buffalo with blue cheese, spinach and caramelized onion on ciabatta--is $22   I am a big fan of Buffalo.  With the blue cheese, spinach and caramelized Onion on Ciabatta bread made this burger a Father's Office http://www.yelp.com/biz/fathers-office-los-angeles burger with buffalo.   I LOVE Father's office burger and now I love Hubert Keller's burger!  I really don't know why I like Buffalo burger so much, but I just find them so flavorful and juicy but with texture and not mushy like beef tends to be sometime when it is too juicy.  $22 IS a bit overpriced for a burger.  But attaching a name like Hubert Keller is like buying a $2,000 Prada bag if you love good food lol.  The restaurant is literally a Burger Bar.  It looks like a kick back sports bar that serves burgers.  There seems to be always a wait to get seated at this restaurant, but if you don't mind sitting at the bar, it's pretty easy to grab a seat since people who sit at the bar are always on the go.  Hubert Keller said on Top Chef masters that he serves $5,000 burgers and they people actually order them... I wonder what's in his $5,000 burger!  Next time I come here, I want to try building my own burger :) yummy!!!  *edit* I made a mistake, his $5000 burger is served at Fleur de Lys, his other restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  "Created by French chef Hubert Keller, Fleur Burger 5000 Fleur Burger 5000 The Fleur Burger 5000 is a luxury burger served at Fleur de Lys at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay. The Fluer Burger 5000 is made from Kobe beef and topped with black truffles, foie gras, and served on a brioche truffle bun with a special truffle sauce. The burger is served with a bottle of 1990 Chateau Petrus in imported Ichendorf Brunello stemware, which they let you keep.  Looking at their menu, some of the appetizers include burgundy escargot with garlic and parmesan gnocchi and smoked salmon raviolis with guacamole. A sample of the entrees include filet mignon with braised oxtail tortellini and slow roasted Alaskan king salmon with a parmesan and herb crust, artichokes, lemon, and capers. The Fleur Burger will set you back $5k, but hey at least they send you a certificate of authenticity and some Italian Ichendorf Brunello stemware."
1976	1	Hands down the best burger in the east. I went there at 5 5 p.m. Not a lot of people. I ordered a chicken mushroom something something better but they gave me turkey something something Burger when she was still good. But turkey scares the crap out of me, so it was interesting. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place
1565	1	Chef's burger?  Delicious. Sweet potato fries with cinnamon honey something?  Sweet 'n tasty. Deep fried mac & cheese?  The undergrad in me was drooling. Hazelnut nutella milkshake?  I will take 8 lactaids because you cannot keep me away from it!  I haven't had a milkshake in ages (stupid lactose intolerance).  But this was worth popping one of those chalky white pills every few sips.  I am looking up the address in San Francisco because I am not waiting until the next time I'm in Vegas for the sweet or savory goodness that is Burger Bar.  I hear there's one in St. Louis too.  (Oh, and I have a little crush on Hubert Keller.  Shhhh - don't tell.)
742	1	Literally, this place has the best burger I've eaten in my entire life. So good I went two days in a row. I make it a point to come here every time I visit Vegas.   Only problem, which I can't dock stars for nor would I, this place is only in Vegas. Please please please open up a restaurant in LA!
1800	1	If God owned a Thai restaurant, it'd serve food just like this.  Don't be fooled by the location.  It's in a run-down strip mall next to a wig outlet (seriously), but the food is unbelievable.  Their menu is huge, so I can't even begin to give a comprehensive review, but everything I've had ranged from very good to phenomenal.  It has a reputation for being the best Thai restaurant in North America.  I'd suggest not going in with that expectation, as it's setting the bar pretty damn high, but Lotus of Siam is definitely an excellent dinner spot.  They also have a lunch buffet that I thought was a good meal, but a step down from dinner on the quality meter.  One specific recommendation: the spicy chicken wings make a great appetizer.
1259	0	I'm not too satisfied with Serendipity. I ordered their coffee (very expensive, but reasonable for Vegas) and their strawberry cheesecake dessert (insanely expensive and super fatty/not worth it). The reason I give it 2 stars is b/c of their poor service. It's a horrible place. It took us 10 minutes to get seated for 2 people, 10 minutes to even order, and they GAVE US THE CHECK 5 minutes into the dessert. What the heck is that service? It's common courtesy to give the check when requested, unless it's a fast food place I can understand. Overall, I'm not going back. Nor should you.
1547	1	GREAT place to go for drinks,romantic conversation (in the bar) or bring the whole family kids and all!   HUGE plates of food for NON strip prices! I love this place! Great drinks,great service and you may just get to see Miss Holly Madison!   I will ALWAYS be bringing visitors here when they come to Vegas, its a staple!
448	0	Don't get the food.. It's a rip off! I went to the outside window because I didn't feel like waiting for the restaurant. We got sliders.. they were whatever.. overpriced.  I only wanted to go to try the famous hot chocolate. It was good..Nothing amazing, honestly. I really think Dunkin's is comparable. Had to do it to say I did it!
146	1	Ordered the "Las Vegas" dinner for two, was worried it wouldn't be enough food for two but we were completely wrong, it was more than enough, essentially a sampler of an array of meats and side dishes they offer. Everything was absolutely delicious, steak, prawns, chicken, all the meat was very tender and you grill it yourself, great service.
461	0	I'll give this place 2 stars only because the selection of food was great and what I ate was pretty good. However, the way my friends and I were treated by the staff was horrible. I attended a wedding at the Mandalay Bay and the bride and groom chose to have the guest eat here. The guest and weeding party (about 20 people total) went ahead of the bride and groom to go eat. We were told by the cashier at the front that we would have to pay 18% gratuity even though we were all paying seperatly and not sitting together. All we asked of the staff was to sit in the same general area. The staff told us we would have to pay the tax anyway, why I'm not sure; It's not like we asked them to put tables together or anything. Also, there was hardly anyone in the restaurant at the time.   Because this is where the bride and groom wanted to eat and we didn't want to spoil their special day, we decided to pay separately and what does the staff do.... Intentionally seat everyone all over the restaurant. They didn't even try to seat anyone together.   Finally fed up with what they were doing, we took it upon ourselves to find seats next to each other because the staff was being very unreasonable. As I'm walking, I'm being followed and hounded by a waitress and a supervisor asking me and other people "are you going to pay the 18% tax to sit there"? I thought that was very classless and a very poor example of customer service.   The staffer said if we all sit in the same area, we would be overwhelming the waiter; keep in mind this is a buffet where we get our own food, not a waiter. And more so. After we moved and were seated and eating, the wait staff was seating more people in the same area we moved to. If there were originally worried about overwhelming the waiter, why would they seat more people in that section? Especially when the restaurant still was not even half full?  The food is good, the macaroni bar is really good and the seafood was fresh.
1637	0	Rating is for customer service up front: Got here at 430 pm and the place is half-empty. Still have to wait 20 minutes for a table. I was told they dont have a table ready for service for a party of 6. Really?!?  Its Vegas and this is a touristy place.   And two ladies up front and so unwelcoming. Look bored/uninterested, Karen was on her phone, and pregnant lady seated other parties before us. Hope theyre not discriminating.  Finally got a table after I complained to manager. SMH.  Note:  Server is awesome though. Carrot cake is heavenly.
174	1	One of the things I love in life the most is BRUNCH! The brunch at Bouchon has to be one of the best in town- definitely the best on the strip.   They have a large assortment of fresh fruit, pastries, drinks and entrees. I really enjoyed their pastry platter (a chefs selection), and their omelette special, which was ham and English cheddar. The waiter brought over the pastries first, and explained what each one was. They gave us a sweet and savory selection, which was really nice. Both were spectacular. Another item on the menu I highly recommend are the donuts. They are covered in cinnamon sugar and served with berry compote, vanilla, and chocolate sauces. A little decadent for breakfast but for brunch, I'd order 6!  Overall, this place has a magnificent ambience, great service, and wonderful food. Their something on the menu for the savory brunch lover, the "I'm actually gonna order lunch for brunch" guy, and the sweet tooth! Gotta try it at least once.
1909	1	My wife and I came here and our server was Karla she was really nice and she didn't rush us to order food like some waitress. I ordered the mash potatoe omelette it was just like a bake potatoe except in an omelette. My wife ordered the chicken tortilla soup and a breakfast tostada . The breakfast tostada had refried beans , scrambled eggs , cheese , potatoes , salsa , olives and sour cream . She enjoyed it !! I recommend this place because the staff is friendly , the food isn't expensive and you get a large portion
458	0	This was a disappointment.  Everything looked good, but when I tried it, all the food on my plate was cold (pasta, fish, etc.).  I ended up eating nothing but the crab legs and mussels because they were okay cold.  It was odd because the crab plate was steaming.  Eventually I figured out that if I dug crab legs out from the bottom of the pile and avoided the legs on top they'd be warm, but by then I was pretty full.  Like all the other buffets we tried in Vegas, they expect you to tip before you are even seated.  If you don't want to give a gratuity for service you have not received and you don't carry cash, the only option you have is to stiff the server.
590	0	I am not even sure where to start as I know this review will offend some... For that I apologize in advance.  I decided to stop for the night while driving through Vegas for a little gaming and fun. I called ahead and booked a "renovated" room which was supposed to have "European comfort mattresses", a flat screen TV, fridge, hair dryer, and so on.  Upon arriving at the Riviera after walking through filthy brass and glass doors, I waited in line for a good 20 minutes to check in. Every employee, even management were cloaked in dumpy, dirty uniforms. After getting my room key I was shuffled from the front desk through the poorly organized casino floor to find the elevator to my room, it was kind of like a scavenger hunt. Now, the elevators! Filthy, dirty floors, base boards, more brass and broken mirrors full of hand-prints; at this point I was reconsidering my stay. Up to the room which was NOT renovated in the least bit we were greeted by our maid who had JUST started cleaning! The mattress was discussing and was more like a maxi pad then a "European comfort mattress". The carpet was warn and filthy which actually went well with the general motif of the room which was dirty. Flat screen TV??? Nope. Old box TV. No amenities what so ever, not even a cheap $10 hair dryer.  Now when you go to the Riviera and sign up for their players club card you receive what was near capital punishment... The free buffet. It was as unorganized as the casino itself and the food was so disgusting I didn't stay and eat. Now there were people in there eating who did seem to be enjoying their free buffet but keep in mind they had a couple noticeable teeth missing and babies on their hips; pure white trash tornado bait. Now even these picky consumers were saying "at least it's free" in regards to the buffet. Now stop and think for a second, a pile of dog poop is free but would you eat it? The casino itself is owned by a Chinese man which would explain that a large majority of the dealers didn't speak English well enough to understand. They also never smiled, they acted like they were chained to the tables and hated their jobs. This might also explain the awful Chinese food at the buffet, angry cooks! If the white trash patrons isn't enough to make you stay somewhere else, try the countless thug-like gang banger want to be's with fake diamond earrings and gold chains.  I spoke to a Manager regarding my room situation and she had no time or sympathy for me being placed in an un-renovated room, the quality of the staff or the filthy conditions. She didn't even offer to comp the $79 room! The only thing she did was charge me the un-renovated room rate which should have been done anyway.  People go to Vegas to enjoy being pampered and taken care of, excellent customer service and attention to detail... none of which the Riviera possess. Walk into any other casino on the strip and you will see staff that great you with a smile, go out of their way to help you. The entrance to every other casino I've been to are constantly being rubbed with Brasso and the glass is spotless. Ah, if you decide to have a cocktail it is faster to leave the casino and go buy one due to the fact that the waitresses rarely come by and three times when I ordered a Diet Coke, they never even came back!  If it was possible to give the Riviera no stars, I would. Don't waste your money there... at least go somewhere where they smile when they take your money :)
936	0	I'm such an idiot. I didn't check Yelp before I went in. I'm Yelp elite for chrissakes - I check Yelp for everything.  If you're reading this, congratulations. You're making good use of this invaluable public resource. Now you can avoid my experience of spending like $150 on a dinner that was the equivalent of a Howard Johnson's.  How can anyone make pizza taste bad? And how can even the soft serve ice cream suck - how is that even possible??? Apparently, it is. Take my word for it.
72	1	You see that "R" by my name? I'm a regular here and I don't even live in Vegas. That's how much I've been here. Oh, do I miss the 7am breakfast after a long night... and I just got back from Vegas a few days ago. This was the closer of the night/morning. After a grueling night with the City of Sin, we, along with many others, find ourselves here at the Grand Lux Cafe. I think I've been here 4 times in 3 days.   The food is surprisingly very good! I ordered the pizza lunch special on my first visit and loved it. It didn't get me stuffed but I was full and content. Better than eating a buffet, where I always over eat and feel like crap come dinner time. Came back the next morning... or some would call it... a few hours later and had the "healthy breakfast" which consisted of chicken breast, egg whites and some veggies. I did not expect it to be good, and it wasn't but it wasn't bad either... it was healthy (understandable).   Had a legit breakfast here (like actually waking up in the morning and coming here). The breakfast buffet was excellent! The selection was very limited but the items that they have were all great. The hash browns were cooked to perfection, not burnt but not undercooked. The omelets were great too.   Lastly, had one last breakfast, this time it wasn't legit (due to the fact that there was no sleep prior to this breakfast) Don't know what I ordered, could be my lack of memory, or we can just blame it on the night.   Now to the service. It was excellent every time we were there (and I remembered). I must say though, our waitress for breakfast was absolutely wonderful. Definition of great customer service! If i knew her name I'd let you guys know... but the entire staff at the Grand Lux is amazing. Great service!
1398	1	After such a great experience back in July (see Gregg M's review) we decided that this would be the perfect spot to go for a wedding "reception".  Special thanks to Sandra B from group sales at Total Rewards for making this group reservation for us.  The meal was everything I wanted it to be - impeccably delivered and absolutely delicious.  I could not have asked for better service.  I would say there was only one thing that may have put a damper on things had I not been in such a wonderful mood - but more on that later.  My husband and I decided to get the Hells Kitchen tasting menu.  We chose not to get the wine pairings since we wanted people to get what they felt like drinking, rather than be limited to what was part of the wine pairings.  The sommelier was on hand to help us out with decisions.    i personally decided I wanted a cocktail to start out with - though I don't remember the name of it, it was delicious with cucumber and gin and other subtle flavors that made it very refreshing and a perfect beginning to our meal.    As with our previous visit, the amuse bouche and third course were exactly the same as our previous visit.  The scotch egg was as delicious as I remember it from July and the Beef Wellington - sublime.  Though I will say after making it with a friend for New Years, I wish I this version would have had more of the duxelles that helps make the Wellington what it is - delicious   The differences:  The first course was a beet salad.  Perfectly roasted beets with a hint of horseradish and the second course - though it was a scallop risotto, the risotto was made with farro, black trumpets and pecorino cheese (I have to say I think I liked the differences!).    Though this was not a different course - it bear mentioning all by itself.  Dessert.  How can you not like brown butter ice cream?  Pair that with some sticky toffee pudding and you have the best dessert ever (yes even better than chocolate!).   Heaven!  The only down side was the cognac service.  I really wish they would have explained to all of my guests what cognacs they had and what the price points were.  They brought out the Louis the XIII for this service ($200/glass) as well as some other much less expensive choices.  Though there were a few people who know cognacs and can truly appreciate the differences in a Louis XIII, I'm not sure if all of the guests that ordered Louis XIII would have, had they known its cost.  For the most part - some only saw the pretty bottle.    Even with this one slight hiccup - We still had a 5-star experience.  Thanks for a great meal!
1288	0	Last time I went there were choices for the cotton candy martini's.. This time the rude bartender snapped at me and said NO, there isn't. My friend and I ordered a cotton candy martini regardless. He kept saying he was busy and would attend to our order soon. I told him to take his time and he snapped and said NO I WON'T... umm ok, I was just trying to be nice and not pressure the guy.   4 drinks and crappy service later, we paid and the bartender approached my friend when she paid and said "Sorry for the lousy service". Really? Admitting to the lousy service but not doing anything to improve it. Thumbs down. I'm seriously disappointed. I won't be returning. The Sugar factory's goblets made up for the bad service and not so great drinks.   I'm disappointed :(   OH and it was my birthday.
1760	1	Super Fast service.....  amazing food. WHY DO WE NOT HAVE THESE IN THE BAY?!?!?  Ugh, totally worth the wait if theres a line....burger buns are like hawaiian rolls (i think) and these cheese fries, omg to die for! totes worth squeezing in the dress you'll have to wear later that night!
1340	1	I just love it here!  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the atmosphere is great!  It's perfect for curing your hangover or stopping in to fill up your tummy when trying to prevent one.  Don't forget the milkshakes...mmmmm!  The only bad thing about it is that I don't live in LV so I can't go as often as I would like!
1035	1	Second location I've been to, still my favorite and best breakfast choice.  Our server was most helpful, she described how they did things around there: fresh and quality ingredients, super large portions served on platters, and the trick to avoiding the "share charge." The food is too much for one person, so if you share without the other person ordering at least a side, they charge an extra $2.50. Still worth it despite that stipulation.  The flapjcks can be split between a family of four and cut like a pizza, its ridiculous. The smoked salmon hash is the way to go, its an overwhelming first bite. Their house made strawberry jam is delicious on their biscuits.  Its larger than the San Diego location, so luckily on a Friday morning my party of five did not have to wait at all.  They also serve lunch and dinner, check out the website for the menu.
1488	0	The only reason why me and my crew came in here was because the guys wanted to watch football and there was enough seats to sit 6 of us. I feel bad because for the server because we were a larger group and we really didnt order much.   My boyfriend ordered a smoothie, which was so gross we sent it back after 2 sips. Our friends got spinach artichoke dip which I had a chip and the chips were like border line stale if you ask me. My other friends had a sloppy quesadilla which I could smell sitting 2 seats away from them.  I ordered nothing. I would never eat at this place. Overpriced for fatty, nasty food.
1310	1	Here's another one of my Vegas favorites. A great place for a first date or taking friends from out of town. The ambiance here is simply one of a kind.   More neon, mirrors, and red velvet than you can shake a stick at! Oh and the video screens everywhere with cool 80's videos, those are great.   If you can, get a seat next to the water feature with flames ripping out of it, it's a little warm but pretty cool.   I've never actually eaten in the restaurant but the food in the lounge is pretty tasty. The selection is standard bar fare.   The cocktails are not the cheapest in town but they're pretty good, and delivered by sexy ladies. The super sized scorpion is good for a group.   Some of my best nights have ended here. Skip the other late night eateries and head straight for the Peppermill!
954	1	SO GOOD!! Tried it for the first time. Got white pizza for $5 and it was simply CHEESEY GOODNESS! They reheat the pizza for you so when you it's nice and crispy when you eat! Though this place isn't very secret anymore since the line gets pretty long, it's worth the wait! Perfect place to go after clubbing at Marquee since it's open til 5 am. There's not that much room for you to sit and eat inside, but there's a seating area right outside with a pool table. Definitely a good place to stop by in Cosmo!
943	1	Dining at Bouchon is always a special treat! I have yet to have the pleasure of coming here for dinner, but I'm a big fan of their weekend brunch. I've celebrated my birthday here and took the day off from work to do so - which was totally worth it. They do not take reservations for brunch, so you have to come and give your name, but I've never waited too long. Even during my bachelorette party weekend, where they said the table for 8+ was 45 minutes, we got seated in 10 minutes. If there is a wait, they have a cute little seating area and usually pastries for you to sample. They have some daily specials, like a quiche of the day or soup of the day. Their quiches are perfectly soft and pillowy on the inside. I'm actually not a huge fan of their chicken & bacon chive waffles, but since everyone else raves about them, don't let my opinion stop you. One of my must orders is a side of fries - though I do wish they gave slightly bigger portions of ketchup and mayo, I always feel like such a classless fool when I have to ask for more. If you're with a larger group of people, the pastry basket is always a nice way to start off brunch as well while your entrees come in. I was so hungover and sick during the morning of my bachelorette weekend, I couldn't enjoy eating here. I sustained myself on ginger ale and their tasty cauliflower soup, while i watched everyone enjoy their mussels and steaks. I did have some of the foie gras that was ordered for the table - amazingly silky, and a big hit with all the Californians. I was so jealous of everyone's enjoyment, my husband and I ate here the next weekend so I could enjoy Bouchon like how it's meant to be enjoyed. I actually prefer sitting inside since it's beautifully decorated. The outside patio is right next to the pool and some bodies are just not meant to be looked at while you eat brunch. Their champagne cocktails are all really interesting, so you don't have to be basic and get a mimosa, there are a ton of other options. One of my favorite things to eat here is actually complimentary - I love eating their warm baguettes with the mustard on the table while my husband prefers spreading jam and butter on it.   I will  definitely be back here several more times and hopefully get to enjoy their dinner menu soon.
1852	0	Words cannot express how horrible this was!  We made reservations for 5 because we were going to see the Blue man group. They seated us at a booth that was far to small for our party and when I asked the waiter if we could move and was told to go back to the hostess stand to be reseated!?!?!? Customer service, not!!  Guacamole came, and it looked amazing, till you discover the large amount of chips crushed underneath to make the bowl appear full.  Fail.  The queso chorizo appetizer was nothing more than a smear of beans with some cheese melted on top and microwaved till it was almost inedible.  Kids selections, nothing!!!  Mexican is by far the easiest to do a kids version of, so we had to order the 8yo a 14$ plate of cheese nachos because what kid wants a grilled cheese at a Mexican joint!?!?  Other daughter ordered fajitas.  I wish I could post a pic of the rock hard and crumbly tortillas that were served with it. Waiter knew immediately what was wrong, clearly an ongoing problem.  And the sound....  Wear ear plugs and expect to SHOUT all night.  Horrible food, service ect. Surprised the Monte Carlo would have such an awful place.
1931	0	We had decided to eat dinner there last night and we were promptly seated, even though our reservation wasn't for another 30 min. Everything was looking great and smelling great... But then after we were seated in the private dinning area in the wine racks, it was like we were forgotton. The waiter came and took our drink orders and my parents bottle of wine. He returned almost 10 minutes later with water glasses and left. We didn't receive our water until we finally were able to grab someone passing by the door to ask for our water. That was over 20 minutes. And finally the water came. It took nearly 30-35minutes. The wine came and the waters too. We were so thirsty from a long day in the sun. The waiter took out order, and returned to check on us once after that. It took nearly another 40 min to recieve the food we had ordered. My father and little brother ordered the meat rodizuo. The all you can meats brought to you on a sword. Well they waited and waiter after three of use recieved our plates but only 2 of the servers came by and served them just chicken. It wasnt till the three out of five were almost done with our food that, I had to ask the manager for service for the meat ridizuo orders. So we had to sit and wait for them to get served and to eat.   The service was bad and so was the timing. You would think that paying 300 for dinner, that the service would be better. What an awefule experince to have when you hungry and hoping for the service that is expected in any restaurant. We would have been better served at dennys.
879	1	The food was great, huge portions.  We couldn't finish our plates.  The presentation was excellent complete with sage and twigs.  The service was great, Robert P. was very helpful with the menu.  Seeing that Man Vs Food and the New York Times liked the Sage Chicken, I had to give it a try, and it didn't dissapoint.  They also have a great wall of fame at the entrance.
490	0	Welcome to the Old Country Buffet of the Aria. For the Aria being a five star resort, it is shocking the buffet is expensive (around $50 a person with tax) for the poor quality. Aria has many great options, sadly the Buffet at Aria is no longer one. The food is mass produced and has little attention to detail. Desserts taste as if they might be the day over left overs from the higher quality options onsite. If you are looking for a much better option- walk across the street to the Cosmo with Wicked Spoon. Aria could learn a lot from their buffet.
1659	1	Place was amazing. We were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes for 2 people (on a Saturday at 7pm) and we went in 20.  Placed was packed! We sat at the counter so it was like sitting on "the Chefs" table. hehehe The Farm Burger was amazing and if you are goign to have an appetizer... you must try the chicken wings. The Honey-Wasabi was amazing!!
1191	0	Slow service! Party of 4, We sat at our table at 10:30 and didn't leave until 12:30am! Since we got there our waiter neglected our table. We missed the bellagio fountain shows. We had simple orders.He only checked on us once. Food came out slow and at that point hard to enjoy. He attended all other tables but ours. He never acknowledged the fact or apologized. By midnight we were fed UP. He brought us a dessert but never said why. We didn't get to walk around the strip early like we planned, all our activities were pushed back and we went home at 4am. We spent our ONE night stay at serendipity for TWO hours. Ridiculous. By the end we hated being there we just wanted to leave. The waiter was a total buzzkill. We didn't even finish the dessert that looked good cause we wanted to go see the rest of Vegas. Not going back!
761	1	Ok, I didn't actually EAT here bcs it only has gluten- ous pizza (boo) but someday, when there is a cure... This is the pizza I'm going to eat. After planning a huge event at Cosmo, this is where I recommended people go and eat. Looks like traditional NY style pizza.
431	1	This place is awesome! And for being on the Vegas strip, very reasonably priced. I'm vegetarian so I had their fried mushroom burger (2 actually cause they were so gosh darn good!) And my family had the shack burgers and chicken dogs (2 each because from what they said they were the best ever!) And We shared a cheese fry. I don't know what was in the cheese but it was so good writing this is making me want some more. On top of good prices and awesome food they had good, fast and friendly service. Even when my daughter spilled her drink they were nice. We will probably go back to Vegas specifically for this place.
1790	1	Obviously I was not disappointed! Me and my husband are obsessed with Hell's Kitchen so of course by some miracle I was hoping to see Chef Ramsey or Christina... maybe our next visit. The fury wings are soooo good! The sauce is spicy but sweet and who doesn't like blue cheese. The uber cheese burger is perfect.. and you have to try the gooey fries (we never wanted it to end) I would definitely recommend coming here and coming back. But I also want to try Ramsey's other restaurants in vegas.
1228	0	Our servers were nice but everything else, not so much. Had to wait forever for a seat. We were told 25-30 mins. But it was closer to 45-50 mins. Once we got a seat, we had to ask to move because we were by a back door where people kept entering and the wind was just making it a pain. Food was bland and took a while. Burgers were burnt and the bun on mine just fell apart to the point that I just gave up even eating it. This was our first experience here, and most likely our last.
274	0	MEH.  I stayed here over labor day weekend (I'm checking out as we speak) and I was not impressed at all. The lobby still looks like it did in the 90s. The gift shop is not remotely up to par with many of the other local hotels. Pretty sure the ugliest shirts ever are sold there and they haven't remodeled since I was 12.  I stayed on the 25th floor. The rooms were updated since the 90s but for some reason they couldn't spend the $20 to cover up the hole between the front door and the carpet.  That being said, I can hear AND feel anytime someone nearby walks by or closes/opens their door. This is absurd for a hotel that is supposedly high end. The doors don't seem to be shut solid so it also shakes anything a door is closed.   So if you need a hotel in Vegas but don't plan on sleeping this is your place to be. Just make sure you don't pay a lot of $ for your room. They don't charge for wifi which is nice at least.
1551	1	This place is by far the best place for breakfast that I have ever come across. I haven't had the pleasure to try anything but breakfast but I will. They have the best biscuits and gravy I've had in a long time and I look forward to trying new things to eat, Hash House A Go Go is the best !!!
1871	1	Best damn burger I've ever had. Kobe beef, bleu cheese and jalapeo bacon. Good gracious me. Fat fries were also yummy. Classic chocolate shake was a delicious dessert. I would like to minus a half star for the crappy pop music that played the entire time.
1174	0	Pricey and not worth it. I guess I'm spoiled by the Wynn Buffet setup is a mess and i had to ask for replenishments cuz they were out of croutons and nacho cheese. this place is cluttered and the buffet areas are tight. the staff is hit or miss. will probably never return. the only highlight was buy one get one free for staying at MGM.
535	0	This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
796	1	I'm from Los Angeles and there is no breakfast place like this. I highly recommend it. The breakfast dishes are very creative and mighty tasty. There is a huge variety of food to choose from.   If you are able, ask to be served by Brady. He was a great server with a good sense of humor. He will make you feel like a welcomed guest.
369	1	Where else in Vegas can you find a restaurant on the strip that has great service, great food, at a reasonable price?  I haven't found one except the one in grand lux cafe. I simply love this place and its a staple every time I come to Vegas.  My favorite dish is the corkscrew noodles with chicken in cream sauce. Favorite dish of all time, place gets an automatic 5 stars for it.
1227	1	All I need to say is Beef Wellington and Sticky Toffee Pudding! WOW!  Both are signature Gordon Ramsey dishes and now I know why. The Beef Wellington is extremely tender!  Unfortunately, it was my husband's dish so I only got a couple of bites.  I got the 24 oz. ribeye and while it was good, the Beef Wellington was a lot better.  We, as a group of 6, was so FULL, we shared just one toffee pudding. Next time, I'm getting my own no matter how full I mean. Deliciousness.
698	1	One of my absolute favorite restaurants!  The burger quality is perfect.  I usually go for well done because I don't like ANY pink but when I come to Bachi I make sure I order it medium rare because the flavor is SO much better.  The service here is quite slow and often times they have forgotten an item we ordered but to me its absolutely worth the wait.  We always get the garlic chili edamame, truffle fries and salt and vinegar fries.   We also love the Oxtail fries but really recommend to buy it when you're with a bigger group since it is  A LOT of food.   ENJOY!  :D
338	1	Lots of hype around this place, and I can see why.  I came here last night to eat with some friends (ok more than a few...there were like 20 of us), and I was pleasantly surprised. We were all able to be seated, but I don't know how long the rest of the group was waiting to be seated, and I'm not sure if they made prior arrangements or whatever. (I don't know that this is really the best place for large groups though...the restaurant isn't that big). With such a big group, I thought we would be there forever waiting for food and everything. Not so...the staff were very friendly and everything was a lot faster than I thought it would be. I was actually pretty impressed with the speed. The staff were very attentive, and they joked around with us. Also, not once were our water glasses empty, which I really appreciated.  Anyhow, the food (which is why anybody is reading this review anyhow)... Oxtail chili cheese fries...fantastic! If you've never had oxtail, the meat is really tender and juicy, so it definitely adds a new dimension to chili fries. They also put an egg on it. Also, it's huge so consider sharing it.  I ordered the black and green burger and it was delicious! You can definitely taste the quality meat in it. the combination of ingredients was quite superb. I guess it's a fancy burger, and for a burger it is pricey, but I think it's worth it, at least once in a while. Definitely something unique.  I was quite satisfied, and had a great experience. :)
1221	0	Despite meeting Wilmer Valderrama, Mike Tyson, and Alonzo Mourning here, this place was an absolute nightmare.  We each paid $40 cover to cram onto the dance floor like packed sardines.  If I ever came here again, I'd stay outdoors the whole time.  Indoors is like driving in LA traffic...total buzzkill.
1630	0	There is nothing special about this place. Read the Yelp Reviews and trust them! Do not come here! Harold and Kumar promoted this place like no other so everyone had to come try them, I was one of those people.  The sliders are worse than the ones sold in the frozen foods section. It is small and will fit into the size of your palm. The bread was slightly warm and soggy. The patty was dry. The small pickle was lying naked alongside small speckles of onions. It was not tasty at all. I had to squeeze a full bag of ketchup on it to give it life. For a dollar something each, I would rather walk myself to a McDonalds and order something off the dollar menu.  My boyfriend and I decided to come here because it was 5am and he was starving. Shake Shack and Rasising Canes were both closed so White Castle it was. The next morning, my boyfriend and I woke up with bad tummyaches. Luckily, our hotel had two bathrooms....
129	0	Avoid. Used to be good. They wont steam the crab legs for you unless you're a VIP member. Guess my $30 isn't good enough for them, yours probably isn't either. Go elsewhere, don't be left with a bad taste in your mouth. The food selections are hit and miss. Scampi, prime rib, sausage n peppers, fajitas and guacamole is ok. Bunch of other stuff not so great. Service is questionable. They only pick up dirty plates-eventually. You have to get your own drinks. No purified water, just tap.
1129	1	Coming from Ohio, we had no idea where to go for brunch until my brother suggested The Egg & I. The food was awesome! Oscar, our waiter gave us the best service possible! The other staff members were so nice as well. We waited, but not long considering it was Sunday morning! The banana nut muffin is delicious and the portions we received were huge! Great place to go if you're looking for a breakfast/lunch idea!
1095	1	Dear Secret Pizza,  Everytime I visit you I think of you for weeks after; and long for a pizza to live up to your amazing-ness here at home in the bay area.  it doesn't matter how long the line is- this is the best pizza on the strip and its 100% worth the wait; the hype is real; there is no struggle, just grab a beer and wait in line.  the white pizza- is unforgettable nomnom
1596	0	Yuck.   If you like fatty, greasy, tasteless food, this is for you. The experience started with the long wait. Once we were seated, the service was horrendous.  We go out to eat a lot and have a solid understanding of good service, this was awful.  Angry, frustrated staff. No smile, barely a hello. When asked for recommendations on the menu, she pointed to one section of the menu and said this is all good.   We ordered:  Hong Kong Noodles: Came out as crispy noodles with shrimp, fat dripping in oil, just lard, yuck. XO Green Beans: We expected spicy green beans and these were a big disappointment due to lack of any flavor or any spices. Noodle Soup: Name started with an L (cant remember full name) was the only semi-flavorful item. It was in coconut milk with noodles and chicken. Decent, and actually tasty. The chicken however did not look like real chicken, must be imitation. Beef with Asparagus: Not good, not spicy, also greasy and definitely not worth $21.  We sent the Hong Kong Noodles back, we couldn't send back everything obviously, that would be too much. They still tried to slip us the check with the noodles though and when we objected she said we'd have to talk to the manager (keep in mind, this restaurant is in BELLAGIO), after a stare down to the manager they adjusted the bill.  We live in San Francisco and are used to good quality Chinese food and excellent service. We have no qualms to pay good money for good service and good food. However, this place was a huge disappointment.  Would never recommend and will never come back.
950	0	Food barn.  There is no ambiance to look at. Just carpeted floor, barely smiling hosts and mediocre food.  I don't think it's worth it even with the discount coupons. I would like to give this a higher rating but there is really nothing that stands out fromt heir offerings.  Cotton Candy and their Middle Eastern section is the only saving grace from another deduction.  Some say that there is quality. They may be eating from the floor then.   Sorry.
1582	0	This is a disgusting place. My wife got food poisoning from eating there.   We had other problems too. It took 30 minutes to get our food (pizza and ice tea). I would have stayed at home an gotten Domino's if I had known it would take so long. The pizzas were small. We paid $50 for two personal pizzas and ice teas. For that much, I would have expected a meal-size portion (not a snack-size), and better quality (not burnt cheese on top of raw dough and under-cooked sausage).
1362	0	Okay. I am a huge buffet connoisseur. Right now I am sitting here just finishing my TI buffet .  Paid $19 for each for lunch.  Only thing I can say is stay away.  Prepared foods were dry, selections limited, no carving station, and desserts were minimalistic. I used to love Treasure Island, unfortunately I am so depressed on the quality of the whole hotel as a whole.
280	0	Went for breakfast and had terrible service and all the bread and egg items were stale (pancakes, waffles, dumplings, scrambled eggs, etc). Laurie was very brief and dismissive at the front counter and all the employees were just talking in a corner. Maybe have a friendly person at the front counter if you want your tip up front? My boyfriend and I left to get a second round and our plates were still there when we came back. Go to a different buffet if you want a good experience.
1054	1	Great food.  Restaurant is a little loud.  The staff was attentive and knowledgable about the food.  I enjoyed the farm burger and onion rings.  Definitely a must next time I'm back in Vegas.  If you're in the mood for a good burger, give this place a try.
1693	1	Bachi is an amazing find in Vegas. I am disappointed that I haven't tried it sooner! I went with a big group of people and they sat us very quickly. The ambiance in the restaurant is great. They have instrumental music on loop and the interior design is very simple, and modern.   There were many different choices that sounded very appealing to me, but I decided to go with Kiki's Burger and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. The Burger had an intense amount of flavor that my mouth definitely wasn't prepared for! The mix of fresh greens, mushrooms, bacon, onions, cheese and the garlic chili aioli was so flavorful that it left me wanting more and more after every bite. The Truffle Parmesan fries was definitely  a work of perfection.  Overall my first experience at Bachi was great. I would definitely come back to eat here again. I still have many, many more burgers that I want to try.
1828	1	First of all, you would NEVER know how to find this place unless you were specifically looking for it. It's off the strip in an area of town you wouldn't normally want to visit... I mean, unless you're interested in the transvestite strip club down the plaza. Who knows, maybe that's your thing? :)  Anyway... if you do happen to read a review or have someone in Vegas (a cab driver or another local?) recommend this place, it's for good reason... it's simply amazing.   You would never guess from the outside... or for that matter the interior (unless you examined ALL the celebrity pictures up and down the walls of course) that this place was in fact just simply amazing in every possible way. The wait staff is knowledgeable and extremely helpful, the food is DELICIOUS and with a full service bar even if the food takes some time (which in my experience it doesn't) you can enjoy some nice drinks.   Best of all? IT'S AFFORDABLE!!! Get five star food for two $$ prices...   Just go here, that is all.
190	0	Overrated and pricey!  I wanted chinese noodles but got soup instead.  The mexican dishes were very bland.  I immediately got a stomach ache from the food.  Paid close to $90 for four small plates for dinner.  My feelings hurt more than my tummy.  Gave this two stars because the service was good at least.
1687	1	This location is really convenient if you're done with class and want to settle for some good food and cheap beers. This is also located near the Kiss mini putt putt if you're trying to take someone on a cheap date.   I definitely receive my money's worth here, especially for it being a non AYCE Korean BBQ restaurant. The service is fast and friendly. The food is consistently delicious and you really can't beat the happy hour deals. I actually spent less money here for two people than if we were to go to any other AYCE. The pork belly and bulgolgi are really tender and even with a slight char from the grill, they never got overcooked.
853	1	I love this place I don't even know where to start I all ways go in without eating breakfast so I can fill up on the good stuff and omg there is so much to choose from the Thai tea is so good then I get the oxtail fries witch might I say are to die for  I all ways bring my friends in to they get different burgers so we can all share I love the burger buns talk about melt in your mouth And if you have kids mine get the BBQ burger and all ways clean there plate what more could I ask for its  such great food
1278	1	I've been hearing about this place arguably being the best Thai in the states. I haven't been to enough to compare, but my first time experience with Lotus of Siam is pretty damn good.   When we rolled up, we had an awkward feeling about this place as the exterior seemed really dinky and the spaces around this strip mall have pretty much gone out of business. But as we saw people waiting around in the front for it to open....and asian, this was our good sign. It was like the moment Dorothy opened the front door to her house and stepped into Oz. They had seemed to done up the place really well and you really wouldn't have imagined it at its location.  It was pretty interesting as we sat down and literally had to flip through seven pages of the menu and absolutely had no idea what to order. The waiters were definitely honest with their suggestions. Their recommendations turned out to be some of the most unique flavors and tastes I've ever experienced.  I'm thinking that part of the reason why their food is so delicious is because they utilize their different flavors, textures, and consistencies so successfully.  We ordered the following: Nam Kao Tod Green Tofu Curry  Sai Oua (Northern Style Sausage) Drunken Noodles with Chicken Nam Prik Ong with Sticky Rice (Red Chili Dip) Coconut Ice cream with Fried Bananas   Amongst my uncle, cousin and myself, it was definitely way too difficult to rank our favorites; and we kept adding on to our tab because it's one of those places where you want to literally try everything on the menu.  We also kept hearing people mention that they had redone the place, maybe for more room to hang their awards and pictures of celebrities.  Chances of coming back? OF COURSE!!!!! (already on my list when I come back to Vegas)
446	0	I placed in the weekly slot tournament and won $50 in credit. When I went to the cashier to have this added to my card,  I mentioned that the credits came at a great time since my sister was arriving later in the week and we could use the credits then.  Her response indicated she had heard what I said.  She said something like  "oh that will be fun"  and I went on merry way.   Flash forward a few days and I go to use the credit.  There is no credit balance on the card.  I go to the cashier cage and a different cashier is working.  I asked her what was up andr she tells me that I have until midnight the same day as tournament to use the credits.  I asked how I was supposed to know this and told her that I had even told the other cashier I planned to use them later in the week.  She apologized and told me to take it up with the casino host.    I was totally unimpressed with the casino host.  She told me that due to gaming commission rules she could do nothing to help me or reissue the  credits I'd won.  I told her that this is very unfair as I had no idea the creditswwould be revoked so quickly.  She said the rules are posted at the tournament.  When I asked specifically where they were posted she didn't know,  but advised that I ask the promo people running the tournament.    So I went back the next week to look for these rules.  Guess what? No rules posted.  I asked.  An employee hosting the tournament told me they could grab me a copy.  But it confirmed what I thought.  I didn't remember seeing anything about rules.   What irks me is that we're talking a $50 prize and it's not even cash! It's credit! Awarding me the $50 credit would be nothing to them. I live next door to the Riv and have spent lots of money there.  So you're going to haggle over $50 credit when the rules aren't posted and the cashier never mentioned a time limit when I gave her the perfect opportunity to do so.    I used to like the Riviera.  The place can go to hell now for all I care.  I would have called the gaming commission on them,  but it's just $50 plus the place will be blown to bits soon enough.  Way to go Riviera.  I'll never return.
806	0	2 1/2 stars.  The good: I was here for a convention, so the hotel being so close to the action was a plus. The monorail station out back is tremendously convenient, and the room I had (1520) was spacious and had a great view of a nearby golf course, the Stratosphere, and Fremont Street off in the distance.  The bad: It's so far removed from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. The monorail becomes your best friend if you stay here. The lack of electrical outlets in the room is an issue, there were what appeared to be cigarette burns in the rug by the closet, and the bath had a drip I couldn't quite stop. Also, I do gamble a bit, and whenever I walked by, the casino floor looked DEAD.  We were only here for a night. It did the job, and there were some positives to note. That said, I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it was for another convention.
915	1	We had a great time celebrating my sister's 40th birthday at Gordon Ramsay Steak.  The wait staff are very professional, attentive and knowledgable. The menu of drinks was impressive, too.  Food was fabulous and  was beautifully presented.  It is a little expensive, but very worth it for special events.
434	0	There was a little bit of line.  Came here for frozen hot chocolate for $14.00, for small glass. Too sweet and overprice!  Didn't really like the looks of then food from other people's table.  Portion was huge and nothing really stands out.  I guess people who likes quantity than quality love to go there.  I think this place is overrated.  Thanks!
1393	0	The buffet selection is not good... its too expensive! The food is so dry...30dollars per person for dinner? Its too expensive! Have better a food if u will changer 30 dollars! i will not recommend this place for buffet. Better try wicked spoon at cosmopolitan so far the best buffet ever!
1494	1	My wife and I went here for Valentines day 2014, and we had the best meal either of us had ever tasted. The atmosphere was a bit louder than expected, and the prices were steep, but the food was to die for and did not leave us wanting in any degree. We each had the signature Beef Wellington which was prepared perfectly and proved to be a tender and delicate experience with each layer of culinary bliss. We started with the caviar topped scotch quail egg and both enjoyed a root vegetable salad with balsamic and rose infused pink foam and lobster ravioli for the second course. For desert, we had Gordon's sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. We truly felt like we experiences the Gordon Ramsay experience at this top notch kitchen. As a bonus we were able to be seated at a booth which was approximately two feat from the line and within touch of Christina Wilson, who demanded and achieved perfection from her excellent team of star quality chefs.  Top remarks for a top dining experience. My wife describes it as follows: "Changed my life, never knew what all the hype was about great food, but I am converted!"
760	0	Terrible. Used to be the diamond in the rough every year up until this yearly trip.   They reduced the cost of dinner to 28 dollars but the food selection is now half of what it used to be  Also, at the start of dinner at around 530pm one would expect fresh food, but most of it had the 4 hour under a dry heat lamp look to it.  Asked our server why the food looked stale and he said it shouldn't.. Ill pass it along to the manager *rollseyes*  Lastly food quality dramatically dropped. Save your money and goto McDonald's instead for better food quality
208	1	The best burger I have eaten in my life at Gordon Ramsey's BurGR. Besides very simple, but quiet amazing menu, everything in this restaurant was done right, from the amazing dessert shakes to waitstaff uniforms. Simple, tastefully stylish and delicious. Gordon is not only a top chef, but a businessman. Thumbs up!
523	0	Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
1137	0	Tao is incredibly overstuffed with pompous people. The main dance floor is far too busy to enjoy yourself. You begin sifting through bodies of people and realize that it's not worth it the effort.  I've been to other nightclubs on the Strip and I was looking forward to this place considering the hype. I was left with a boring experience.  Big frills, few thrills.
1728	0	I went here during a busy holiday weekend, and the buffet was PACKED. There were two options to get into the buffet: wait in line and pay the normal price (which I did and ended up waiting for nearly an hour), or pay the express line price. Those who paid the express line price got to zip through the line, but they got the same food for a lot more money. I didn't think it was worth it.   The food itself was good, and this buffet had lots of options. However, the service was abysmal. You have to write your drink order on a card instead of telling the waitress. We didn't know that, and we waited a while for the waitress to arrive. Once she did, we didn't have our card ready so she just left. I ended up not getting my drink until I had finished my first plate. That sucked. Plus, we never got refills. This place was definitely NOT worth the cost.
1134	1	Finally, after years of living in Vegas, I finally had the best Thai spot in town (some say best in country), and it totally lived up to the hype.   Saturday Night - take note of the hours before heading there. They open at 5:30pm and close at 10pm. But don't assume they won't get business for the few hours. Arrived at 5:20pm and there stood a 60+ person line outside while the parking lot was filling fast - and don't worry, there's a LOT of seating so you'll be seated quickly after opening.   Inside looks like a big dining hall. One area has normal tables for small families while the other area  can probably accommodate for your party of 100. Also interesting and didn't find this out til later, they take reservations!  The staff works so well like an oiled machine. It's impressive how good they are in their knowledge of the menu and they're so polite too - especially when they're dealing with such large and loud groups.   The food was delicious. As like many others, this cuisine was new to me and I didn't know what to order. But reading through probably 100s of items on the thick menu, I went with the infamous Garlic Prawns ($27.95), Panang Curry with beef ($11.95), and Khao Soi ($10.95) and it was all so good. Flavors from lime, coconut, egg and curry mixes are such a unique taste that I have to come back here for more.
1118	1	The king of all pizza joints on the West Coast.  Period.  They make an excellent piping hot thin crust pie.  It will make you forget how much money the Cosmo casino just took you for.  This is the mecca of late night eating in Vegas.  Play a round of pool, people watch on the swanky lounge chairs out front, and then devour your pie along with all of the other dolled up women and rico suaves from the clubs.
1838	1	It is not a secret anymore!!! So sad!! This place is open until 5am, and that is a beautiful thing! The pizza is reasonably priced considering that it's Las Vegas, and it's a NY size slice. It is PERFECT for a late night snack after Marquee.  Go find it! Good luck! There is no signage!
1115	1	Best Thai food I've had, and I live in L.A.  Unlikely city, unlikely location, a nondescript strip mall on a run-down stretch of Sahara Ave., but oh the food!  I've been here several times now (try to make a couple of visits every time I'm in Vegas, sometimes twice in a day, it's so good).  Great beef salad, excellent curries, grilled chicken, wonderful homemade ice cream.  We've tried a lot of different dishes and everything we've had was great.  Ask for recommendations from the waiter also: that 's how we tried the catfish and the Nam Kao Tod, crispy rice with pork sausage.  They also have a great selection of Northern Thai dishes that you rarely find in other places.    Once, we tried to order the mango with sticky rice but they warned us beforehand that the mangos weren't fully ripe and gave us a sampling of the mango to test whether we really wanted it.  It tasted OK, perhaps a little less sweet than a ripe mango in-season.  We decided to go with some of their home-made coconut ice cream instead.  I think this anecdote really shows the detail and care they put into their food.    They have a lunch buffet on the weekends (geared more toward the locals or the typical tourist) which I wouldn't recommend, but you can still special order dishes during that time.  They apparently have a world-class wine list as well, but I haven't tried it; with the heat of Thai food, I always find myself craving a beer.    Despite all the fancy, big-name restaurants in the city, the meals I have here are always the most memorable.
835	1	I've been here several times and everything here is always perfect. From the wait service to the quality of the food. The butter here is simply amazing.   I ordered the Boudin Blanc while my husband ordered the chicken and waffler. My goodness, that is the juicest, perfectly seasoned roast chicken I think I've ever had in my life!!. I totally wasn't expecting it and I found myself eating off my husband's dish. The boudin blanc is tasty as well since I've had it before, it's a good dish to get over and over.   This time i ordered a side of Lyonnaise potatoes. Potatoes were good, but with all the other food I was eating already, i barely finished that.   I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon since this is my must stop brunch place whenever I am in Vegas. Next time I really want to try the beignets!!
108	1	We're from Los Angeles - on vacation. The wait wasn't as long as we had expected - but a much longer wait would've been worth it! Liza was super attentive, friendly, & warm. We highly recommend this place to anyone in Las Vegas area. We had Mimosas, stuffed French Toast, & the Works Chili Skillet; simply the best!!!
1231	1	They opened pretty recently so we were the only folks there for awhile. Their sauces (ponzu, sweet, or spicy) are yummy, but even if you're not a fan, their meat is perfectly marinated already (we got the bulgogi). All the waiters/esses are super cute and helpful, and they will notice if you are leaving your meat on the grill for a long time and adjust the fire level for you accordingly. The cheese wontons were delicious, and so was the honey pancake. Although, don't expect it to be textured like western pancakes- it is much sweeter, stickier and eggier.
1745	0	Based on food alone this place would fail in a minute if located in Cali, east bay, or any highly populated asian community.  With that said this is vegas hence the 2 stars.      Food- food portions are small (to be expected).  This place its value orientated for asians in vegas.   Beef Noodle Soup-Not impressed; nothing special; somewhat cold when delivered Szechuan noodles and pork!-Not impressed;not spicy enough;nothing unique War Wonton Noodle Soup-HORRIBLE; no flavor, bad noodles, no flavor in dumplings.  Green Onion Pancake-HORRIBLE-your better off finding your favorite frozen brand.  Came out cold and no flavor chow fun-u can smell the wok heat, but still just ok  -=the best of the night=- Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumplings-good flavor.  individual bao vary on attention of detail.  Sauce occasioned was spot on  either had  Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice or Fu Zhou Fried Rice, Gravy style Shrimp, Scallop, Mushrooms,Asparagus, Eggs-nice flavor.  nice and oily, but delish.     The good- Line/wait-fairly short both times under 1hour about 45 minutes.  arrived before lunch/dinner rush.  Ok- For those deprived of good authentic Chinese sure eat your heart out.  My auntie from HI thought it was good.  For those that know you got it good pass this spot up    Bad- Service-The same unattentive service you expect expect in chinatown.  Waiters need training and more discipline.  It does not look good to stand around playing on your phone or speaking overly loud where customers can hear your conversations.    Hostesses-not very host like these girls need replacing.  Do some work other than just standing up front and then ducking in the back  I came here for the hand made noodles and thus put in an order and informed only after I ordered that there were none available.  I then asked the waiter to inform me when the chef was making more so we could put in an order.  NOPE had to spot the chef making more and flag down our waiter to order.  Sure, hand tossed tasted better than store bought, but not at the price.
1050	1	If you come to Vegas, you gotta come to this place for brunch after a long night out on the town.  It is just so goddamn cool, it is ridiculous.  This is a restaurant that looks like a strip club on the inside.  Neon pink and blue lights everywhere and a lounge that makes you feel like you are in the heart of Dirty Vegas.  Fireside Lounge looks absolutely incredible.  I will be back!  I had a simple breakfast platter which was extremely filling and the portions were generous.  Having a separate cocktail waitress come around and offer you alcohol at 10 am was interesting too.  Not bad at all.  I will be making it back here on future Vegas adventures.  No doubt.
618	1	Now my second favorite breakfast in Las Vegas (Hash House is #1). The place doesn't look like much situated in a rundown strip mall several miles off the strip. I am thrilled we picked this place though, they have earned all their outstanding Yelp reviews. Excellent service and excellent food.
248	1	First time here and was very impressed with the food, ambience and service. The interior is nicely designed to allow for a very pleasant dining experience. And the servers are very attentive and friendly.   The food here is delicious. This is what we ordered:  -spicy tuna kimbap -spicy soft tofu -Harami miso -Korean prime kalbi -Beef toro  -Salmon  -Korean chicken with cheese fondue  -bibimbap  The beef is very tender and soft. It just melts in your mouth! The beef toro wasn't as tender as if anticipated. The   Korean prime kalbi was delicious but I would have to say that the Harami Miso was my favorite. The spicy tuna kimbap is good but it's very heavy. It'd be wise to take it slow with that! The chicken was very soft and tender surprisingly, but the cheese part really wasn't for me. The spicy tofu soup was very flavorful and delicious. It definitely helps settle all the bbq that you just ate.   Overall, quality and and atmosphere are on point here. I would definitely come back here in the future.   ***the amount of food was for a party of 3 and it was more than enough.
578	0	Never again!!!    We purchase the deal through Travelzoo before we arrived. When we sat down, the waiter acted like he didn't know what the deal it was at first.  He kept looking then took a scanner out of his pocket and acknowledged it then explained the terms of it.  He definitely didn't seem to happy about it.  He asked if we had been before and I tried to explain that Chicago has one kind of like it.  He cut me off then said ok...salad bar is up there.   We were sitting near the bar and had to weave between other tables, waiters, and other guests to get there.   The plates were dirty and the salad bar was sloppy.  The floor is unbelievably slippery.  When we arrived back to our table, there was a very pretty and obviously pricey bottle of spring water on our table. I awkwardly asked the waiter that I just wanted tap water and he said fine and took it off our table.  The meats were ok...some were great, some not.  Two other tables filled next to us while we were there with similar deals and he acted the same.   The poor lady next to us had no clue how the process worked and was asking us because the waiter didn't explain it.   If you want a relaxing and pleasant experience, don't come here.
1950	1	Took my best friend here for her pre birthday celebration! We absolutely were addicted to the popcorn appetizer! Whatever they put on it was like popcorn crack and just had a really great punch to it. It definitely was a cheddar mixed with some type of spice we just couldn't put our fingers on it lol   However, we ordered the buffalo wings....super juicy wings with a great buffalo sauce. I'm not typically a buffalo gal but this sauce was on point!My bestie got a chicken burger which she said was not too dry which made her happy, the boy toy got a classic burger and I got a rising sun! The patty was cooked to perfection and was incredibly juicy! The sweet potato fries were just perfect as well. Overall, the food was actually pretty good I have no clue if we went at a good time or what bit everything was cooked to perfection!   I wanted to try a shake but just couldn't do it. I was wayyyyyyy too full, but the popcorn.....yum yum in the tum tum!!! :) Will be back again this time to try a shake with the buns! LOL
1289	1	I definitely would give this place a five star. Wait staff is attentive and the food was delicious. Hands down the best Thai food I've had ever! We waited an hour to eat but we were seated at the bar while we waited for a table. Great spot to converse and drink wine and beer.   The food did not fall short of expectations, it actually surpassed it. The atmosphere was very appealing. From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall, but it was actually very roomy and the decor was beautiful. Not to mention all the pictures of celebrities in their restaurant.  I would definitely recommend their crispy duck Panang curry and soft shell crab drunken noodles. You cannot go wrong with these dishes. It's very appealing to the taste buds, I never knew duck could taste so good!!!   I look forward to becoming a regular here!
802	1	his place has redeemed itself.   I was lucky to be seated right away since I was there all alone. My waitress Amanda was there immediately to see if I had any questions and to take my drink order. She has a warm smile and made me feel very welcome. I ordered the Texas toast French toast with eggs and bacon. It was delicious. I also ordered a side of toast for which she asked if I wanted it buttered which usually they don't so that was great. The eggs were perfectly over medium and they were actually seasoned. Amanda was very attentive and was sure that I was not in need of anything. I also had the banana nut muffin it was one of the best I've had in a restaurant, I am a bit partial to my own.  I will say the service through out was exceptional from the moment I walked in until I left even thought the register had trouble reading the card I had.   The food would definitely be worth the wait, and the service I experienced was above expectations for how busy the are. Give it a try if you haven't been
1857	0	A stinker. You know, I'm having a hard time trusting people's review, especially when a user's average review rating is four to five stars for several hundred reviews. Does that mean the majority of buisnesses are winners? I guess I'm gullible.  Bayside Buffet is a prime example of why I shouldn't be so eager to try a place recommended by Yelpers. And yet, Im writing one, too! Double standards am fail.  Anyway, bitching aside, my lunch here was super meh. 20 dollars paid at the kiosk, then briskly seated facing away the window (wut?), and then hoarded to the buffet line on both sides of the room. Immediately, I had a nagging feeling the experience would be super meh. How? Oh, let's see...the buffet selection is hella small! My college cafeteria offered more food than this -- and at better quality!   So what did I get?  Meats, a few starches, but mainly stuff jammed with protein.  Lambchops: Ugh. Below super meh. The lamb was gamey and foul tasting, an instant spit-out-of-the-mouth-and-eat-somethingelse-to-purge-the-mouth type thang. Minus points. Pork ribs: Wow, surprisingly soft, but lacked flavor. This was the best entree at the buffet. Turkey: Eh, thanksgiving turkey cut in your choice of dark or white meat. The carver was very nice, but the meat quality was very poor. Braised beef: This better be soft, or else I'm leaving! Fortunately for me, the beef was soft, though a weird aftertaste soured my mouth. Flank steak: Worst meat. I couldn't get steak down my mouth, because the texture was way too chewy. TOO CHEWY. Inedible. Even beef jerky is softer than this flank steak. Mash potatoes: Wait, yelpers, you like this crap? Buttery? Yummy? Uh... I give up.   Dessert Forget the banana pudding, the fruit pudding, the cakes, the brownies; the best dessert is the frozen yogurt. YES. Better than McDonalds frozen yogurt, the barometer for tasty, creamy, consistent goodness. The vanilla custard yogurt was by far the best part of the meal...  ...and the saddest part of the experience. Deserts over meats and entrees? Bayside Buffet, you fail.   And, oh, your service sucks.
441	1	Got here on a Saturday (5/16) around noon for a late breakfast. The wait was about 30 minutes but went by fast. The food was great and loved the banana muffin. It comes out very warm and moist... delicious.   What was best was the service. All staff were all very helpful and attentive and seemed truly happy to work there which made it a good experience for us.
1968	0	Big Disappointment! If I can give it a ZERO, I would!  Paid $900 for the VIP Bottle Service.  We went in a group of 10.  We were treated so very well at beginning and at the end,they basically acted like they did not know who we were. They talked to us by name the entire time.  I was tossed out because I felt sick, went up stairs to the bathroom and threw up.  It was so hot and humid from the fully packed people.  People were literally dancing on each other on the dance floor.  I wonder if they even have a limit capacity.    Anyways, a bouncer escorted me up to the casino floor, told me that they had found my husband and that he would come out to meet me at the entrance.  15 minutes later, he never showed up.  Asked one of the bouncer by the door to see if he knew what was going on.  He said to ask the other guy which turned out to be the guy who took us to our VIP booth and accepted our credit card.  Asked him if he remembered who I was, he said yes.  I told him that the other bouncers told me my husband would meet me by the entrance.  Showed him, my "X" on my risk cause I couldn't go back in.  His face totally changed and acted like he did not who I was and said he has no way of helping me.  Really? He was the guy who took our card and escorted us.  My party was literally looking for me all the place.  They asked the clean ladies upstairs by the bathroom and they said they never saw me.  LIARS!     Trust me, they are just after your money.   Once you are done with the drinks from the bottle service, they are done with you.  No need to tip their waiters and waitresses.  They are so fast to clean your booth and bring in a new group. They brought new ppl to our booth while my party was still their.  Their VIP sucks so bad.  They put 2 parties in one both.  There's no separation between you and the other party.  If you request, they'll just have a bouncer to come in between.    Take your money elsewhere.  And for an actual real VIP booth, please go somewhere else unless you want to pay $$$$ and share with someone else.  We went to Encore the second night and had a blast their.    Love the Venetian, hate the CLUB!
1153	1	It was a Saturday night and a group of 9 of us decided to get together and catch up. Haven't been to Bachi in a long time so we decided on dinner around 7. It was definitely busy for a weekend, but that was to be expected.  The host took down our name and quoted an estimated time of seating to be around 15-20 minutes. We waited patiently, the host did a great job controlling the flow of the restaurant and seated us right around the quoted wait time.    We sat down and Jade greeted us with a smile. She was friendly, prompt, and professional. Some of us had not been there before, so she went through the menu and addressed all the questions that some of us had. She suggested some cocktails and drinks along with her favorites on the menu. We proceeded with some shared appetizers and that arrived, we ordered our entrees. We loved the fact that everyone was served at the same time with entrees and our drinks were constantly filled. Jade checked up on us frequently and was very engaging, yet she let us have our space when needed. Since there was 9 of us, a good variation of the menu was ordered. The ramen I had was perfect! Not too salty, not to spicy, it was perfect! Everyone who ordered burgers was touting how well it was prepared and the cocktails were a hit. We loved that the manager Erika not only came by to say hello and check up on us, but she is every engaging with the entire restaurant.  She even ran some of our food to our table.  At the end of our night, dessert was ordered. Can't remember what we had but it was wonderful, definitely satisfied our sweet tooth! Jade asked if we wanted split checks for such a large party, we declined but was pleasantly surprised that the check was already split based on seating position. Not only was it split in each seating position, it was done correctly. We were impressed not just but the deliciousness of the food, the hustle and bustle of the restaurant, but also the staff. They were all friendly and definitely was a hit with everyone. We will for sure see you all soon! Bravo!
1014	0	Golden Corral in general is just not what they make it see on tv bottom line. The only thing I liked about this was the service. Im never coming back here. For $18.00 i literally cant believe it. The food quality is cheap and gross. Took not more then 2 bites of my dinner and the proceeded   To the fruits and sweet section. Even my favorite bread pudding i feel like its so good everywhere I go but not here... It was dry and just eh. And dont even get me started on the ratchetry At this location, even though I know its just the location but still.
941	1	Modern Korean bbq with a great selection of meats and appetizers. It's a mix between Korean and Japanese and the quality of the meat is much better than all you can eat. I recommend both the marinated and non marinated Kalbi for beef. Spicy garlic and calamari and spicy pork are also great. Close to the strip is well and much better than anything close by.
1874	0	I normally love Brazilian food, but this place sucked!  You pay $40 per person and a bunch of guys walk around with meat on a skewer and cut off pieces for you.  We had our choice of I think 10 different meats.  Sadly, most of them lacked flavor and just were overly salty.  The salad bar was good however, but still not worth the hefty $40 price tag for some salad and a few pieces of meat.
302	1	THE HYPE WAS REALLY REALLY HIGH when 15 of my friends came here.  Being CA natives, nothing has ever topped in n out. We got all sorts of burgers, fries, shakes, and beers.   In summary: it definitely lived up to the hype. This is going to be a very very successful chain of they keep it up!! Can't believe I am saying this, but I'd rather go here than In n Out .
202	0	We decided to try Treasure Island buffet as we had received a complimentary coupon from the hotel. I was famished when we arrived, and still, the food was just about inedible. Meats tasted frozen and had very cheap, been sitting around under the heating lamps  for ages, quality to them. We found a hair on our plate. The only redeeming quality, hence two stars and not one, was the dessert bar where the items were not completely horrid and inedible. Staff was pleasant enough. Will likely never come back - free coupons or not. Stay away if you prefer food that tastes fresh and edible.
1894	0	I don't understand why so many people go to this place... about 18.50 for 2 Saturday breakfast..without drinks    the food is worse than the nearest hometown buffet (half mile away)  i mean food is not THAT bad...is edible but...18.50 for 2 ...breakfast ?  this thing feel like one of those 4.99 buffets in las vegas    I don't understand......every buffet I went to is better than this s..t
1499	0	Hotel was basic, not too good, not too bad. What made this hotel the worst hotel experience was: 1. that they charged some things that were supposed to be included in the plan paid 2. The people at front desk does not know about customer care. They will treat you really bad when you show them they are charging you more than the amount agreed.  By the way, there was blood on the floor elevator when we arrived  Make sure you check your bill before you leave!!
734	0	The worst food I've had in my life.  Service was hurried and the server scowled at us throughout.  Admittedly, the place was crowded but please - do your job professionally.  This place is not cheap.  $15 or so for a Cobb salad.  The lettuce was dry and tasteless, and straight from the freezer.  The chicken breasts were still icy cold and the whole plate was dry - not a drop of dressing.  The bacon bits were so dry that they chafed my mouth.  I had a bite, and even though I was hungry, I didn't eat another spoon.  The server just checked on us once more to serve us water and we didn't see her again until she came back with the whopping bill.  I didn't dare to send the food back or complain because I've heard of stories of American servers spitting in food and worse.  I just paid the bill - hope you learn from my terrible experinece and go someplace better.  We love the food at Venetians.  Go spend your hard-earned money in a better place.
555	1	So we ate here for the first time and had breakfast. We ate the chicken and waffles (w/ bacon inside!) and the Man vs. Food Fried Chicken Benedict. I prefered the Man vs. Food order vs. the chicken and waffles only because some of the chicken was dry. The Fried Chicken Benedict was so yummy. The chicken soaked up the sauce on the plate. There were biscuits, scrambled eggs, hashbrowns and sauce along with the chicken. Really great service! The staff really seems to love their job. Lots of locals there too. Hoping to go back for lunch and dinner too while here on vacation!
504	1	Found this gem on Yelp! Went here on a Wednesday about 6 P.M. The wait was not too bad. About 15 minutes. We were sat and then the magic began. We ordered the Meat Lovers meal and let me tell you, it was delicious. The food came out very fast. We were grilling in no time! What a fun experience! Definitely would have costed double on the strip.   *Tip: make a review and get a free dessert! What what!??
43	0	The set up of this restaurant is pretty cool. It's very casual with like sandwiches, salads and things as their food. My cousin and I just really wanted some fries, and we were really disappointed. We ordered just a side of fries, and when it came out we could tell that the fries were old and re-fried. We wanted to make a comment but we were in too much of a rush to tell the cashier. I will come back again and give this restaurant another shot. However, I may not order their fries this time. ENJOY!
1337	1	Secret Pizza is one of those establishments that really needs no introduction. At first glance, it is quiet, discrete, and no frills. Yet when you dig deeper and get to know its personality you find something so much more. I am a firm believer that every establishment has room for improvement. However, when I think about it long and hard Secret Pizza really epitomizes all I would want or come to expect of a pizza establishment. I almost dare say that it was the best pizza I have ever had.   Nestled in the Cosmopolitan, you would think it would be flashy and glitzy. Rather, it defies that convention and it sits in a nondescript hallway that you would easily bypass. Not that I am saying you should go down every service hallway at the Cosmopolitan, I'm just saying taking the Star Trek like elevator to the third floor above the Chandelier Bar and walk down the nondescript hallway till you find Secret Pizza. Note, the hallway has photos on it to give you some direction.  Once there, you will be greeted by the beautiful smell of pizza. While slices are available in the showcase, full pizza's are available as well. I'd probably call ahead if that is the case just to avoid having to wait. Since we didn't know any better, we settled on a simple pepperoni pizza. However as we waited to order, the guy working the counter clearly could tell we wanted a white pizza as well and mentioned that we could have a half pepperoni/half white pizza and it came out to be one of the best decisions we made in Vegas. The pepperoni was really good, but the white pizza was much better. Both offered really great flavors that melded in a perfect harmony that would make angels sing. The pepperoni has just the right amount of salt and spice to counteract the fat and sweetness of the mozzarella. While at the same time the white pizza was an amazingly good blend of ricotta and mozzarella cheese. Both on a thin crust that was easy to work with, yet not being very greasy at all.   Service was good with the staff clearly not only knowing their menu but also clearly having skill when it comes to making their pies. They keep the line moving at a carefully timed rate as if it were a well-made machine.  Definitely a great place to grab a bite, while they may not have seating grab a glass of wine or beer with the pie and head on out to the main areas. It is definitely one bite you do not want to miss.
1892	0	This place is alright. I've been wanting to try it just because it's Serendipity and I haven't been to any of the other ones. I didn't have time to wait in line and eat there so my friends just went for the window instead.  My boyfriend and I shared a Cappuchino Frozen Hot Chocolate and one of the dogs. I think it was the regular one. New York Dog? Not sure.   The dog was just that. Just a hot dog. Nothing special.   I hardly noticed any cappuchino flavor in the frozen hot chocolate. I expected it to be more fabulous.  The only thing that really caught my eye here was the fact that they give you Total Rewards points for buying here. And that its plastic utensils are so shiny that they look like real silverware! lol
1704	0	I was just illegally detained and then searched in a back room of this club after paying for entry. Despite finding nothing, they still kicked me out and would not escort me to find all of my friends who were still inside. If you value your rights, do not go to this club.
1420	0	Came here with a 2-4-1 MyVegas coupon for brunch so the price was great, but the food was okay and service was spotty at best.   Large assortment for brunch, especially for dessert. The sushi before 10am freaked me out so I steered clear. Nothing was all that memorable from this meal except for the poor service (I had to get up and ask the waiters standing around chatting to get a refill on drinks).
99	1	This place is pretty good. The food is not the best, but it's good. The buffalo chicken wraps are really tasty. The chicken parm was a bit toooo breaded, but even the lunch serving is MASSIVE. The "small salads" are huge! Just on food, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. BUT! They're 24 hours which is really nice to have a place 24 hours in the hotel and the price is right! Most places in Vegas, the pricing is at a premium, but this place? It's a deal!! Ate here 2 times with a family of four and both times got out for just about $50.
803	0	I had previously stayed at this hotel when it was the Las Vegas Hilton... at that time they were going through a renovation and apparently also changing the name... This was like 3-5 years ago.. Sadly, since then nothing has changed.  The one thing I remember that I did not like were the long long lines and wait times for the elevator.  There are two problems, there are not enough elevators and also they are not dedicated to lets say for example 1-20 floor and then another set of elevators for 30-40 floors.  When checking in, I opted to upgrade the room for $20... and was amazed that they called it 'an upgraded room'.  According to travelocity, this is a 4 star hotel... this room was more like a 2 star, so I can just imagine what the regular room looked like.  The room itself, the tub spout was coming off of the wall, it was leaking water and the tub didn't have a light... The ac/heater thermostat was not digital... and the door key/knob stopped reading cards... I was hard pressed to find any renovations to this room.
1919	1	Let's go, let's go, let's go! Super fun, relaxed atmosphere- great place to stop by for a late lunch after an afternoon at the pools. Even better if you fit in a morning workout, because the food is even more glorious without the food-coma-associated-guilt.   Service: Attentive and very helpful  SPIKED SHAKES: Amazing. Can personally recommend Birthday Cake, Cereal Bowl, and Drunken Monkey. What's even more amazing is how good the vegan cinnamon pecan shake was.  You really can't go wrong with any of the burgers (and as far as the sides go, I'm usually a sweet potato fry fan, but their onion rings came out on top!). Our group also may have ordered a second round of the crispy pork belly buns to take home. I can't wait to go back and try a few more of the "nosh" items (small plates/apps)- poke tostadas or buffalo chicken dip, anyone?
1507	0	This is a pretty lackluster buffet.  I remember it being good but that was probably over 10 years ago.  A lot can change in 10 years.  The only positive is that it is cheaper than the other buffets, I think $15.99 per person and there isn't too much of a line.  There was a basic selection of breakfast items, bacon, sausage, omelettes, eggs, etc.  There aren't any signature items and there isn't anything "MORE" about it.  The food tasted old like it had  been sitting for a while.  With all the buffet options in town, this one can definitely be skipped.
105	1	Wake me up before you Go Go because I'm not planning on going solo.  Hash House is amazazing. For all you "What Would You Do?" fans, the Hash House served as a backdrop for many of their scenarios. More famously, they are known for being on Man vs. Food. And unless you have an appetite like Adam Richman, I suggest you bring a friend to help you eat the madness that is "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict." It is to die for! Chipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, market tomato, spinach, and biscuit on top of griddled potatoes. This is literally the best breakfast I ate in Vegas. If you're a fan of country fried chicken, this is right up your alley. MUST. EAT. NOW. Check out my photos if you need inspiration.
1441	1	Really good burgers. Super juicy and not just average Burgers. I had the kalbi burger that was super flavorful (nice and spicy!) And my boyfriend had the banh mi burger. He ate it super fast so I assume it was really good. The calamari is also really good (although the mint leaves made some pieces taste funny) and the fries were nice and crispy. Close to the rent a car distribution place, so If you're picking up your car I recommend going here! Or go here before you board your flight .
1182	0	I have very mixed feelings about this hotel.  I booked an air+hotel deal through vegas.com which came out to under $500 for roundtrip flights from NYC and four nights at LVH, which sounded like a great deal at the time.  However, I recommend you shell out the extra money to get a hotel ON the actual strip, not "just off the strip."    The bad: First, other than the gas station across the street and convention center next door, there is absolutely NOTHING surrounding this place except shady and cheap hotels.  The walk to Encore alone is about a mile, which although doesn't seem like much, sucks because of the Las Vegas heat AND the fact that from there you still have to walk so much to get to where the life is- Venetian, Caesars, Cosmopolitan, etc.  Cabs are so expensive and the group I was with would end up caving and shelling out cab fare every night to get to and from restaurants/shops/clubs and they are not cheap!  The hotel is definitely dated and could use a bit of a facelift, but it isn't terrible.  The food in the hotel is obscenely expensive.  They had a Keurig coffee machine in the room, but it was $4 PER SMALL MEASLY CUP OF COFFEE.  Insane.  I ended up going to the cafe downstairs (called Fortuna) and paying $4.27 for a large coffee.  More bang for my buck I guess.  I'd recommend going across the street to the gas station for coffee, but I got lazy and didn't want to start sweating first thing in the morning.  The hotel also offers a go-green option where you opt out of having your room cleaned in exchange for your choice of either an $8 dining credit or $10 casino credit.  Out of the two days we did that, we got the voucher only once and when I called to complain they would not honor it saying my room "wasn't in the system" for going green, which was complete BS.  The good: The rooms were clean and a decent size.  We ate at the Benihana the first night which was good, it was a very big restaurant and the service was good.  There were always cabs outside so it was easy to get one.  There is a monorail station at the hotel too, which we did not use but what's the point when it doesn't service the strip?  We did not use the hotel pool until the last day and to my surprise it wasn't too bad.  The pool was a nice size and the bar had a 2-for-1 happy hour with good drinks and a DJ.
1845	0	The only thing still consistent with this place is the great music. Everything else has turned to poop. Nice try with Tao Beach, but seriously.. Lose some of the tables and make a dancefloor that people can actually use.  They've decided to fill every last nook with tables and it's taken away from all the great spots to have a conversation. It also felt like they haven't paid their electrical bill, cuz there were definitely spots in the club that felt like blackholes. Would it take much to put a small light in those areas?!  Also, the carpet is disgustingly sticky and the stairway to Tao Beach is ridiculous.  Maybe my ideal clubbing experience has changed, but I don't think so. We shouldn't have to wait over 1hr for a table, when we arrived at 10:30pm. My money has chose to go elsewhere.
1981	1	I got the sliders My bf splurged and got the kobe burger topped with foie gras and truffles.....  OMG  YUM  Everything was awesome.  Very delicious.    Tip:  Order a few sauces... we tried the chipotle aioli, the red wine reduction, and the somethingelsefrench sauce... and they really were awesome. Awesomely delicious.  To dip fries and burgers into.  Do it, do it.
2	1	Secret Pizza is so much fun to take people to!  They do pizza exceptionally well...nice crispy bottom, chewy crust, great sauce.  It is not my all-time-favorite or anything, but on taste alone I'd hand out 4.5 stars.    Any two of the following puts it in a unique place that is well deserved of 5 stars for me:  It is called Secret Pizza for a reason, there are no signs; it is not located on the restaurant listing for the Cosmopolitan. Walking down the hall to a hidden gem is half the fun!  Then there is the fact that you can get a quality IPA on tap.  The wall of records is is incredibly cool, and the black & white tile fits so perfectly.  Pizza + secret + atmosphere + IPA = an easy 5 stars in my book.  I will take out-of-town friends here anytime, but i'd also stop in for a slice if I was anywhere near the cosmo!
629	0	The price is way too high for the food. The food is decent but you can find the same food on Spring Mountain road for 1/3 the price. I had the Shichuan Dan Dan Mein and Stir-fry Lamb with Cumin. Both were ok. The portions were on the small side. The service is zombie-like and the decor is plasticky. Not recommended.
1039	0	I want to give more stars because the Chinese food is surprisingly good and authentic. Noodles are a must try! But the service is just SO damn bad. It was an hour wait (but I saw so many empty tables). Good thing I could go waste some time and money in the casino while waiting.   The hostesses at the front were rude and incompetent. The specific server I had was slow and rude as well. We ordered tomato egg noodles, scallion pancakes, and dumplings. We got the first two dishes and finished those and sat waiting around for the dumplings. FINALLY she came to us and told us the dumplings came apart while cooking. Okay...???????? Like wtf LOL and she expected us to just cancel the order. But we said we still wanted it, and she seemed annoyed.  Very pricey.
1279	1	If you were only allowed to order two things at Bouchon, let those two things be their cheese danish and their french fries.  While having a lovely brunch at Bouchon on a Saturday morning (after I learned the hard way that they're not open for brunch on weekdays), I stuffed myself with their house french baguette, two different kinds of beignets, a cheese danish, waffles with strawberry and whip, THEN I proceeded to indulge in my boyfriend's plate of delicious french fries that came with his steak pomme frites.  My fingers and hand were stuck in a repetitive motion that circled from his plate to my mouth until his plate was virtually left with nothing but crumbs.  Now let's talk about their cheese danish.  If your mind is envisioning the flat cheese danish from your local starbucks, snap out of it.  Mr. Keller kicked it up ten notches when he created the flakey, muffin-size pastry dressed with a generous dollop of a decadent vanilla bean-cream cheese.  Pick one up from the Bouchon Bakery downstairs if you'd prefer to eat yours on the go.    Don't get me wrong... almost everything I tried was delicious.  But what sticks out in my mind a month and a half after my visit remains the cheese danish and fries.    The restaurant was filled with character and charm on a bright spring day atop the Venetian Tower.  Service staff was plentiful and friendly.
1271	1	This place continues to be AWESOME.  We went with some friends and the food is amazing, the service is amazing and the drinks, WOW....  But I can also say this for the burgers, the sweet potato fries, everything here is amazing.  It is a little more pricey then your normal burger joint, BUT THIS IS NOT A NORMAL BURGER JOINT.  This is a place with QUALITY food and service.  If you have not been then you don't know what you are missing.  You can get a make your own burger the way you like it for about $15-$17 but it is worth every cent.  If you are looking for a cheap burger place then you will get what you pay for, but if you want a place that is QUALITY through and through, then this is a place for you.    They do get crowded and they do not take reservations, however you can call 30 minutes before you go and have your name put on the list so when you arrive you only have about a 5 minute wait instead of just showing up and waiting a long time.
1267	1	This was a great dining experience. Although the wait was long (about 1.5 hours for a party of 7), the food and staff made up for it.  We got the fries, jalapeo poppers, and their creme brle milkshake on top of the burgers.  I got the Euro Burger but all of them looked amazing.   The staff was friendly and fun and made our experience enjoyable!
322	1	Bouchon is a great place to enjoy brunch after the crazy nights of debauchery in Sin City.  I've visited this restaraunt twice and was pleased both times.  The chicken and waffles as simply as I would put it, is the must try.  Bacon in your gravy? No Way!  Chicken was done magnificently with the right crisp and texture.  Definitely would visit again when in Vegas.
1653	0	This place deserves a 3 star for its dessert alone. But I can't ignore the rest of the buffet menu. It has wider range of selections such as those mentioned in other reviews here. However, I suppose that's what happens when a cheaper price tag focuses on too many items.
1021	1	If you find yourself wandering on the 3rd floor trying to determine if you dressed appropriately swing back down to this joint. The price is decent and the food will surprise you (hopefully for the better). I had the brisket burger while visiting in Vegas and it made me forget about In and Out for at least a few hours. Honestly this place gets pretty creative with their burgers which I commend them for and the fries are awesome. I didn't get a shake because the beer selection was so good. I did get a pretty decent grumbly stomach after eating here but in all fairness I had been eating all sorts of junk including fried pickles and the Swedish fish candy from NY,NY hotel. I would visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
1177	1	Shake shack really is bomb dot com! Everyone has been raving about this place because they had it in New York, and after trying it, I see why! The burgers are really good, with their special sauce. The patty tastes fresh. The buns are sweet buns. It's just a perfect concoction of deliciousness. I would say I like this better than In-n-Out. Only thing is, maybe I was really hungry because I wanted another one right after having my first burger. But I held back and ate crinkle fries instead. I was full in the end but I will want to try the Shroom burger next time. Shakes are also good by the way!   Try this if you come to Vegas!
78	1	My wife and I have stayed in the Venetian on numerous occasions. But never have considered dining at Bouchon until recently. I would have to say... hands down... one of the best dining experiences ever. The wait staff is very and their attention to detail is superb. The food quality is excellent. For dinner i ordered the mussels entree. The mussels were cooked with saffron butter and white wine. The portion size was very filling, and it came with a huge side of  crispy delicious french fries. My wife had the flat iron steak, but instead of fries, mac n cheese was substituted. I snuck a bite of her steak, and it was tender and juicy. The "Moscow Moose" (vodka, ginger beer,  and lime) is a must have. I would come back for the Moscow Moose alone.  My wife and I are definitely coming back here, if we're in Vegas. Luckily they have a location a couple hours away.
93	1	My southern grandma passed away without sharing some of her famous recipies with the family.  This place has food that tastes just like and similar to grandma's!  The tastes of the warm biscuit (with fruit topping) and rich mashed potatos really took me back to my childhood.  The portions are HUGE, you'll probably need a to go box.  Cost is low considering the value.  The bill for two people with a 25% tip was $53.    I thought it was interesting that they don't have heat lamps, so food gets delivered to your table as it's ready.  REALLY that's how it should be, everyone gets their food as fresh as possible.  The presentation of the food is very thoughtful and the taste is rich (heavy, southern style).  Don't expect to eat for the rest of the day, you'll likely be too full! :-)  I had a mint latte here that was one of the best I have ever tasted (and I've had tons of lattes)!    Our waitress "Kai," (short hair, enthusiastic) was super nice and helpful.  We saw her stand on top of a chair to take a picture of a large party at a table- that's service!  We'll be back and likely ask to be seated in her section. :-)
543	1	5 Stars, and here is why....  1.  If the restaurant closes at 10pm, and you can still roll in at 9:55pm for a meal - Good.  The service is still excellent - Better.  The quality of the food is still exceptional - Best.  Lotus is tops on all three accounts!  2.  Wine List and Pairing.  Not only does Lotus have an outstanding wine list, it has the largest selection of German Whites in any restaurant - in the world, if memory serves.  Also, any restaurant whose wait staff knows wine enough to pair with my meal makes me happy.  However, despite the large number of Sommeliers and wannabes in Las Vegas, I rarely find a member of the general wait staff who can confidently assign a wine to my meal without looking at the price or without pairing  by color.  3.  Of course, the food!  I know that I've enjoyed a Larb Salad in another place better, but not an entire Thai meal.  To start, three of us ordered the Hot Pot-sized Thom Kha Kai, a wonderful coconut and lime-based soup with mushrooms and chicken, which was simply pleasing.  It was creamy, tart, sweet and savory; so perfectly balanced that it could have easily satisfied me as a main course.  Next, a Larb Salad (Chicken).  This could have been better to my taste, but was well-seasoned with mint and onions and very aromatic.  Finally, the main course - Nua Yang Panang.  I love Panang curries, and this one, with its embellishment of cognac, was one of the best I've ever had.  The sauce was so good my friends and I made balls of rice to sop up every last bit - the dishwasher got off easy with us!  4.  Price.  Yes, you can spend (and maybe should spend :)) $30-40/ person at Lotus of Siam.  Yes, you can probably make decent curries at home now without the time and expense thanks to the plethora of bottled Thai sauces - think Heinz 57 of Thai...blegh!  But the total bill for all of us including my $10 glass of Piesporter, the menu listed in #3 and another's fried rice, just cleared $60 with tax.  That's right folks $15 a person!  Can you eat at any other of the World's 100 Best Restaurants at dinner for $15?  I think I hear Thomas Keller laughing...nervously...  Bottom line:  Well, worth the drive from anywhere for the excellent quality, selection and service.  A super way to dine at one of the World's Best!
1330	1	A consistently excellent dining experience.  Though Thomas Keller has probably not set foot in the place for years, his aura clearly remains in the service and attention to detail.  Little things like the bread and butter are excellent, but Keller goes one step further throwing in a handful of still-warm house-roasted pistachios.    I played it safe this time, having my favorites-- oysters to start and the steak frites entree.  Both were excellent as usual.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.  The only negative s something they have no control over-- the customers-- decked out in flip-flops, way-too-short-shorts, or obnoxiously loud shirts.  Ahhh Vegas.  P.S.  The breakfast and brunch rock as well.
11	1	They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies. Everything we had here was made to perfection - the ox tail fries with fried egg on top,  Ronin burger (my personal fav) and the Shogun (foie gras any one?!).  The burger was cooked to perfect medium rare which made it juicy.  I ate everything on my plate and dug into my god daughter's salt/pepper fries with jalepenos.  OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about our heavenly meal.
54	0	This is a review of the restaurant inside.  Like so many others, my experience here consisted of questionable food and an unfriendly waiter, who didn't trouble himself to stop by our table even once to ask us if we wanted another beverage or anything else. He sure had time though to stand around looking bored, talking to his buddy near the back where I watched him do absolutely nothing for 20 minutes. So I decided to just walk up to the bar to get my own drink where I was met, eventually, by an ill-tempered gal who did nothing more than raise her eyebrows when I asked for a beverage. The chicken was overdone on the outside, underdone on the inside- shrimp like rubber. Straight up- this place is bad, stay away.
1720	0	8/14/10 1 stars for service but 4 stars for the Jackpot Sundae!...the Sundae was simply amazing...chocolate and strawberry icecream with chocolate and strawberry syrup and much more...If you don't want to wait, it's first come first serve at the bar...we had waited about 30 minutes before the hostess told us about this...WTH?   We were sort of upset at the way the bartenders treated us...they had made EXTRA frozen hot chocolate..the BF simply asked if we could pay extra just to try a little shot/cup of it to see what it was like because it was our first time there!...he just shook his head and said we had our dessert coming up and DUMPED it down the drain...OKAY..fine...it didn't hurt to ask...SO A NEW group 2 couples, young, pretty, NOT Asian like us apparently show up and have a seat and they (bartenders) are drooling over the girls...apparently 1 girl has never tried their famous frozen hot chocolate...so what does the bartender do? HE GIVES her ENTIRE CUP for FREE to TRY...WTF is that about? Seriously? RIGHT IN FRONT OF US TOO...OMG...the BF and I looked at each other like...did he just really do that?   After that it went downhill...truly...Given that I'm about all about being open-minded...I did my best to give the guys there the benefit of the doubt, but this was seriously Ridiculous...I don't think we'll ever be going back there again...
293	0	Had friends from out-of-town as exhibitors for a convention and I so agree with John T -- service is lousy and the food sucks!!!  Granted, it was a food court in the convention center but we were told that the food is catered by Hilton.  OMG!  Skip the room service and pack your lunch/dinner if you have to be there.  Otherwise,... walk down the street to McDonald's -- at least you know what food you're getting!
395	0	My husband and I live in Las Vegas. We thought that it would be a fun experience. We never had the chance to find out, but reading the other reviews I glad we did not. The hostess needs to find another job. It was as if we were a bother to her. She was extremely rude. We were  dumped by the bar and told we could get food from the bar. We received no menus. I have always thought of living here as a privilege. We have access to great food at any restaurant here in Vegas. My recommendation is go anywhere else except Seor Frog. Do yourself a favor. They get zero stars!
0	1	Enjoyed the food very much. Reminded me so much of Korea.   Its just like the traditional korean bbq where you cook on the grill in front of you. Ordered the marinated kalbi, bulgogi, duck, and steam egg. Will definitely come back and bring more friends.
1150	0	We waited almost an hour to be seated when there were only 3 groups in front of us in line. We got the shrimp wonton soup and some chowmein. I thought the food was boring. I dropped a shrimp wonton in my lap and our server, who was taking an order at the table next to us, stopped what he was doing to point and laugh at me, then finished talking to the table and didnt even stop by to offer me a napkin. When I stopped him later to ask for one he acted put out. They charged us for our tea, and it was gross. I thought the food was boring, and wayyyy overpriced. They dont even put vegetables in their chowmein.  I would have only given them one star because I hated the whole experience, but I had to add a star because my husband was happy with getting a chance to sit down and eat what he called simple food. It made him happy so they earn a star.
1242	0	What a shame. My group of 6 came here for brunch on a Sunday by recommendation of my fianc. He said it was "amazing" when he came several years ago. I guess all that's gone downhill now, because he was one of the most disappointed guests at our table.  Food-- The food at our table, as described by myself and my friends, ranged all the way from "Mmmmm!" to "I regret wasting an hour of my life waiting for this." The people at our table who ordered the strawberry cream waffles, fried eggs benedict, and breakfast quesadilla seemed happy with their meal. Two of us (including myself) ordered The Hangover Omelet. On both dishes, the potatoes were BURNED to a CRISP. AND they weren't even hot!!! I'm talking dry, black, LUKEWARM potatoes. Simply not edible however I tried. The French fries, which were put into the omelet itself, were soggy and rubbery enough to confirm that the dish had been sitting out for a while before being brought to our table. My fianc ordered a side of black beans with his dish. The beans came out late, after he asked where they were. And they came out COLD. We notified the server, who then MICROWAVED them. Are you kidding me? We ALWAYS try our best to be good and friendly customers when we go out, but this was beyond disappointing. The only part of the meal that I actually enjoyed was the Caf Serendip. It wasn't bad. I'm starting to think the only thing anyone should order from this place is dessert.  Service-- After waiting about 30 minutes to be seated, we had to wait another 15 or so for the attention of a server. After our order was taken, it took yet another 30-45 minutes until we asked where our food was. Our waitress was not friendly and spoke very quietly (which is not good in a relatively loud environment). I can only guess that she was having a bad day. The kicker came when we got the check and saw that the cold beans, which were then microwaved, cost $7. $7 for a little itty bitty 8oz cup of beans that weren't even made properly. In most establishments, staff will at LEAST tell you how much a side dish of something will cost when you order it. On the bright side -- the only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is that the waitress did offer to take the beans off the check, which we gratefully accepted.  I would not come back here again.
331	1	Last week, I had the choice of any reasonable place in Las Vegas for my graduation lunch. Having only had the lunch buffet before at Lotus of Siam, I decided to atone for my past errors in judgment.  I had an opportunity to read the articles all over the waiting area in the twenty minutes or so of wait time, so I learned that Lotus of Siam has been open since around 2000. Amazing. I'll bet the plaza in which they're located was also pretty rundown back then, but the quality of their food has probably not lessened and their reputation has only soared. I did my research this time and, along with some appetizer suggestions from my mom, we picked a lot of specialties and Northern Thai menu options.  The food arrived all at once after perhaps fifteen minutes. Patience is a virtue, as we were rewarded with delicious food. For starters, the tod mun plar (#7, $8.95) was a great take on a deceptively simple fish cakes with nice pickled cucumber. The nam kao tod (#14, $7.95), everybody's favorite crispy rice dish, was definitely yummy but a little too sour for my taste. Also very delicious but not suited for my palate was the yum nuah (#36A, $12.95), which is a great beef salad that's just too spicy for me and paralyzed me in fire and sweat for a few minutes. The spicy catfish with basil leaves (#85, $14.95) was a solid if small portion of sauteed fish in a basil sauce  After recovering from the yum nuah, I delved into the Northern specialties. The khao soi (#A, $9.95) was one of my favorite tastes of the meal. To call it an egg noodle curry is not nearly doing it justice, so I'll just say that you'd better order it when you get the chance. The kha nom jean nam ngyow (#G, $9.95) is a non-spicy pork and rice vermicelli dish that reminds me slightly of a certain Vietnamese dish called bun rieu, but I wouldn't have this one again as it seemed a bit boring compared to some other dishes. The last item from this part of the menu was the nam prik ong (#I, $10.95), a non-spicy dish consisting of a red chili paste and various items to dip into it. Pretty nice, possibly worthy of a repeat, but not a palate dazzler either.  I think the best item we had may have been the garlic prawns (on the chef's choice menu, $22.95). They are certainly pricey, and they are actually kinda worth it. Very crunchy, perfectly cooked, and just delicious. And even considering the modest portions of other dishes, definitely a splurge.  Having finally had items from the proper menu, I can now confidently express my opinion that Lotus of Siam deserves all of its praise. I don't know if I'd tell somebody to fly here just for one restaurant, but when you are in Las Vegas, you must make this a destination. Oh, and you'll definitely want to reserve well in advance if you choose dinner hours. Just saying.
1444	1	I dig this joint. It has good food for a reasonable price. My friends I always come here after a night of dancing or walking the Las Vegas Strip late night since it's open 24/7 and the Fireplace is absolutely nice and cozy. My favorites here are the Nachos & the Sampler. "I always decide on those and I never go wrong with them!" I recently had the wings here. They're a little salty, but not too much as to where you can't enjoy them so it's safe to say that I'd still recommend them. The cocktails are good here too. My favorite cocktail is the Scorpion here.
308	0	The movie "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle" was the only reason I wanted to eat White Castle.I waited 11 years to go to White Castle, 11 FREAKING YEARS!!! And I wish I didn't go, totally killed the joy of the movie for me. The sliders are whatever but i guess only good points was the restaurant is still new(ish) and service was great. You want a better burger go find an In'nOut or even Shake Shack which is 10x better.
1979	0	First off, it's definitely not worth the 2 + hour wait. Wait like a month or so to go when the hype is over. My friend and I, being locals, drove from Henderson to the strip to try White Castle out. My family is from the east coast so I've experienced it before, but my friend hadn't.  After our long wait, I ordered a combo with 4 sliders, a side, and a drink and I ordered the 10 slider pack to take back home to my grandma. My friend ordered 4 sliders, a side, and a drink. I received my order fairly quickly after ordering.  I ate my food and waited an extra 30 minutes before my friend got his. I order 10 more sliders than he did. He went up 3 times to ask what was taking so long and the guy calling out orders said he had his ticket there and he would call him. Still nothing. He finally went and asked the cooks and they made his sliders right then and there. I don't see what the problem was.  Also, two of my sliders had a pickle and two didn't. The fact that they are already inconsistent is pretty bad.
692	0	Where do I start, beautiful set up, pretty good food if you come during the day or dinner but as far as the nighclub it is not my top choice.   It is extremely difficult to get in, my group was walking out at 3am and there was still a few folks coming in.  the lines are huge, if you are going try to find some list, vip passes, or something to get you off the regular admission.  The club was overcrowded memorial day weekend, extrememly difficult to walk around, and even get in and out of dance floor.  Once on the dance floor it was shoulder to shoulder so you are rubbing against everyone next to you.   general admission for guys is 70, and 30 for ladies. The crowd is young and mostly attractive so I know why folks go to this lenght to get in, I dont think I will be returning.
847	1	Love love loved it!!!!  When I found out we were going to Vegas I KNEW this was the first place I'd hit up... Yes we are DDD groupies and we were not deceived!!!!!!!  We arrived around 1pm on a Thursday - there wasn't a wait!!!!!  Our server was so hospitable - he was polite, attentive, and really seemed to enjoy his job... his cheerfulness actually made me a little happier... He gave us recommendations (even though Guy Fieri already showed me (Kalbi) what I was getting, my BF took the server up on his recommendation (Miyagi San) and wasn't disappointed)!  Like the true fat asses we are, we started with the oxtail chili cheese fries with extra chili aioli on the side - SOOOOO GOOD... The runny egg yolk dispersing over the tender meat, jalapeos, and crispy fries... #heaven! Our burgers were cooked perfectly - medium well, as requested! I love all Asian food - Asian anything makes me happpppppy... so my Kalbi marinated burger with kimchi, HIT THE SPOT... I could eat it weekly and not get sick of it!!!  We finished off with the Portuguese donuts - I wasn't impressed... Mainly Bcuz the donuts were raw on the inside... but I was too stuffed to complain.  Overall this was a great experience (sans donuts)...
654	1	Egg & I is a super-cute local breakfast joint away from the strip. It gets SO crowded and busy on the strip for breakfast/brunch whenever I've visited, and it makes people even hungrier and grumpier while waiting. My advice? Take a cab or drive over to this place for a REALLY tasty meal.  My group and I of five people waited about 10 minutes for a table. Once seated, we were serviced immediately. Food only took about 10 minutes to be ready, and the staff were very attentive and worked together to address our table's needs. They have a little egg sign that you can flip to the sad-face yellow side, which indicates that you're in need of something. We did this a couple times to test it out, and it worked! Lightning fast.  Great food, great service. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy! The Ranch Potatoes (their regular side of potatoes) are very flavorful and filling. A must have. Oh, and their Banana Nut Muffin was soooo sweet and moist!  I just may be back when I'm in town. If I can get outta bed next time after a long night, that is. Tehe.
1555	1	Amazing food and amazing service. My sister and I came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning and it was totally empty. We were seated immediately and I ordered their sourdough waffles while my sister got their American breakfast with their chocolate almond croissant.   I loved my waffles. They were crispy yet chewy. My sister enjoyed her American breakfast, but she absolutely loved their chocolate almond croissant, which was pretty amazing. We later ended up going to the bouchon bakery to get another one.   Service was impeccable, everyone was beyond friendly! I will definitely come by again the next time I'm in Vegas.
1346	1	Best Korean BBQ I had so far!!! All their staff are nice. We came on a busy Friday but it didn't take long before we were seated. Our server guided us in the menu and we ended up getting the Meat Lover, prime kalbi (w/ is sooooooo good!) and bacon wrapped scallops. All their banchans are twice the size of the usual banchan from other restau. All meat are fresh and tasty. We enjoyed our meal and will surely come back!
1449	1	My boyfriend and i love Gordon ramsey and all of his UK cooking shows, especially F word.  We were thrilled to be staying in Vegas at Paris where the new Gordon ramsey steak just opened. We shared the Caesar salad to start and Brian had the Strawberry martini. Best Caesar, great martini. Next we both had the Beef Wellington. Gamechanger! If you are in Vegas, stop reading this review and go to Gordon. The food is worth the price, and the waitstaff was fantastic as well. Olga from Siberia was a great waitress, I love a server with that right blend of spunk and professionalism, we had lots of fun! Overall, amazing experience and i will be dreaming about eating here again!  I can't say enough good things about Gordon, Yum!
1595	1	I love you, Secret Pizza.  We went on a Sunday for lunch and it was probably very different than 3am on a weekend.  We ordered Veggie, Meatball/Pepperoni, and White slices.  I can't even comment on the other two as we were just dying over the White Pizza. We ordered it because we felt like we "should" since it was supposed to be the most popular. It was amazing...a bit oily, but full of garlic and cheese. Loved it.   Probably would be even better after a late night of drinking, but a meal right before driving home was pretty good too.  Its a casual place. Sodas served in red solo cups (for $4...). The unmarked, unadvertised part of it is so fun. And if you've been to the Cosmopolitan before you'll be shocked to see where it is. We've sat there and people watched probably 2 or 3 times and never saw the hallway to the restaurant.
549	1	This spot is GREAT from top to bottom and man on man they do some business there. From the Shakes to the Buns to the massive beer list and Adult Vitamins and the wonderful, addictive and creative desserts... it's on! I love it and all of my friends love it. I've been several times and each time we all have fun, which is worth any price... and these prices are more than worth it. Love It!
519	1	GREAT LOCAL FIND! Good place to eat. I love their drink selections, and their food. I'm a big fan of kimchee and beef so my favorite burger has to be the Kalbi burger. I also like the Ronin burger. I mean who doesn't love fried egg and katsu in their burger. Right? Their fries are awesome! I recomment the garlic parmesan fries are awesome. LOADED with flavor. Very garlicy and lost of parmesan in it if you like that. If you want to go for a softer tasting flavor for fries I'd say the sweet potatoes. Those go really well with the Kalbi burger. I also might suggest that you try at least ONE drink that isn't a coke or pepsi product. Their beverages are one of a kind, and tastey. So be brave! Try one of them. The feel of the place is very simple, hip, and urban. Easy enough. It doesn't have all the extra mumbo jumbo or glitz and glamour of the strip. So if you are looking for a casual place to eat with great service. Try it! I swear it is an experience!
1625	0	I've been to Vegas a number of times and have never done buffets before. This time, I went to two. I was most excited about MGM's buffet because I'd heard so much about it, and I'm a fan of crab legs. I was so disappointed. The crab legs had to have been the smallest, most malnourished little babies I have ever seen. They were not flash cooked to help the meat pull away from the shells, so getting into them was almost impossible. While there is a large selection of food, I was not impressed with the overall quality. I wanted so badly to love this buffet because I wanted to make it part of my Vegas excursion every year, but this one just doesn't stack up for me. I think it is overpriced (about $40 per person) for what you get, especially given that buffets are in abundant supply in Vegas. So, I'm scratching MGM off of my list, but I'm glad I tried it.
792	0	Came here for lunch. It's around $20/person. After taxes my family of 3 paid almost $70 and it was definitely not worth it. There was barely anything appetizing to eat, the variety is very limited. There is a lot of bread, a lot of cold salad, a small asian and italian station (very limited and unappealing). The food is not that hot and the taste was meh. The dessert and drinks section is decent. The staff is very attentive to clearing your dishes- which is the only reason why I gave this 2 rating instead of 1. I noticed a lot of other people left very quickly. Anyways it's so expensive and not worth it, trust me! At the very least go in and take a look before you pay.
709	0	It's a 2...because we didn't spit it out LOL. That's a good start, right? Makes your mouth water? It also gets a 2 instead of a 1 because it was very organized. The line looked really long, but we were only in line for about 10-15 minutes and then it took maybe another 5 to get the actual food.  So here's the deal. My husband and I have lived in So-Cal all our lives, so even though we've always heard of White Castle---the East Coast version of In n Out, we had never gotten to try it. We were SUPER excited when we randomly saw they had one in Vegas that we had to stop and try it! Yay!  We had seen the frozen ones at Ralphs for years, but didn't ever want to ruin our first experience for when we did eventually get to try the real thing....in hindsight I feel like the frozen ones might actually be better!  We weren't very hungry so we just ordered 2 cheese sliders and 1 double cheese slider with no onions for me. PROTIP: Yes you can order individually even though they aren't on the menu that way.  We were lucky enough to instantly find a table (it was packed), sat down, and dug in. Upon first bite we both looked at each other with a WTF look on our faces. We had waited years to try this? Avoided the frozen version? Waited in line. Ew.  The buns were soggy and wet, the meat was gray. Not a good combination. Like I said we didn't spit them out, so I guess it gets a 2 star, but OMG they were pretty close to terrible.   This is what all the hype is about? I admit I think they're cute in those little boxes, but the compliments pretty much end there.   I think I figured it out though...you must have to be high riding on white tigers like Harold and Kumar to be able to say you enjoyed those things.  Thanks but no thanks White Castle...ew.  In N Out for the win....West Coast 4eva!
243	0	I heard a lot of hype about Pink's so I was expecting some awesome hot dogs.  I was hugely disappointed.  My sister and I shared the mushroom swiss dog, the bacon chili cheese dog and a side of onion rings.  I was surprised that our order came out looking like regular hot dogs and buns (that you'd buy from any grocery store) slathered in everyday condiments.  I totally agree with the other reviews that there was really nothing special about the food here.  The mushroom swiss dog was disgustingly coated in mayo.  I like mayo but not to the point where that's all you taste with every bite.  The bacon chili cheese tasted no better than something I could have ordered at Wienerschnitzel...super salty and the chili tasted nasty like it was "fresh" out of the can.  Of all the things we ordered, the best thing was probably the onion rings but there wasn't anything extraordinary about those either.  Honestly, this place is no different than any other fast food joint except that it's highly overrated.  We actually came here after several rounds of mojitos and even then it still didn't taste any good.
1645	0	From far away, this restaurant looks like it could be a fun place to grab a bite to eat. We were wrong, it is overpriced and has terrible food. We arrived and were seated right away outside on the patio, the windows were covered with dust and who knows what else. Although we were outside we had to scream to hear each other.  We ordered drinks and an appetizer of Chips and Salsa ($5!!) which were ok. It took about 30 minutes to receive them. I ordered a chimichanga and my girlfriend ordered a taco salad -- after a while it finally came. My chimichanga came soggy, and the plate was a mess, it looked as if they had spilled onto it. In fact, there was a french fry underneath the chimichanga. The rice was hard like it had been reheated and the overall taste was horrible. My girlfriends salad looked great but tasted like nothing, and the waitress who never returned also did not bring dressing. We left severely disappointed after paying a whopping $51 for a terrible meal and mediocre service.
1787	1	One of the best Korean BBQ places in Vegas. It is honestly hard to beat this place. From the friendly staff, to the amazing food, this place is awesome. So Much Juice On That meat.   I went here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and we truly enjoyed ourselves.  There was a minimal wait, but this allows you to take in the scenery.  You can watch TV as well as watch k pop and pop videos. It has a nice soft red tone to the restaurant. We honestly couldn't wait to sit and eat .
1306	0	I had been there before years back. Great location , live country music something different , but the food was too bad to give it more than 2 stars. Service was quick and friendly but what they served was awful . Seemed like everything was old and flavorless. Like it was sitting around for hours before serving  even the baked beans made canned super market beans seem gourmet . Dried out ribs, something that was supposed to be steak and seafood that was a war crime . Pass on this place and enjoy many of the other fine places in town. They clearly don't care
132	1	I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work.
1342	1	By far one of the best tasting pizzas ever!! If you are in Las Vegas and are hungry during the day or just simply stumbling out of the club/casino in the late hours of the night, COME HERE! small hidden lil spot. Crust is perfect, Cheese is perfect, toppings are perfect, Sauce is perfect, Garlic flavor is perfect, its all just perfect here! I love pizza, and this PIZZA is definitely in my top three!
186	1	Yum!! I go to Vegas a lot for business and am always stuck in the hotels and convention centers. I look forward to the Burger Bar and always have a pleasant experience! The best thing there? The zucchini fries! The best sandwich? The salmon 'burger' on ciabatta, with sauted portobello mushrooms and spinach. Actually heavenly. I can't wait to go back!!!
923	1	The wait wasn't too bad, and the burger and sweet potato fries made it worth it. The fries were probably the best I've ever had. Period. Dusted in a vanilla powdered sugar they were amazing. They also served a dipping sauce that had a kick to it. The burger was exceptional. I want to say I had the Farm Burger. I'd definitely go back. :)
170	0	Worst dining experience ever. Food took forever! Partially because I ordered a burger, subbed it with a veggie patty. $3 charge for that! Uh, veggie patties are cheaper than beef. Ordered no bbq sauce no bacon (I'm vegetarian). Comes out with bacon & BBQ sauce. Send it back, comes out when my fianc is already done eating. Has no sauce, but still has bacon. Send it back...comes out 5 seconds later with no bacon. Are you kidding me?! That's a refire! You don't just take the bacon off, by health code standards you have to make a new one! Cancelled the order. Waited for the manager for about 15 min. Poor waiter couldn't find her?! Another guy comes to apologize. Free dessert. That's it! Oh, & passed the lady manager on our way out of the building smoking a cigarette...nice! Smh. The place should be out of business. Almost 11:30pm so had to find somewhere else to eat so my finance could watch me eat since he had already eaten their terrible food. Sorry. But our waiter was a good kid trying at least. I hope he gets a job somewhere else :(
88	1	I can't believe how great this restaurant is.  It is a gem.  We come to LV every year and my husband found this on the web and we decided to try it.  What a deal for the price.  We had lunch there.  For less than $13, you have two selections of meats, one salad or soup with one appetizer.  On top of that, we get 7 side dishes.  The portion of the salad and appetizer is huge.  How I wish they can open one in San Francisco.  I would eat there every week. You have to try it to believe it!
453	1	This is the place for steak, if you like beef Wellington well then eat all you can while you are here because there is nothing juicier than the Wellington here. prices are over 45 on average so prepare your budget. the atmosphere is very nice and waitresses are smoking hot, you can't go wrong here.  Update 3/20/13  Got here again, tried porterhouse 16oz and it was fantastic. Extremely tender, done medium rare as I wanted it, and also got a side of mashed potato puree which complemented the steak perfectly. Our wine enthusiast picked out a bottle of 08 Embruix, Priorat which was fairly nice though a bit spicy for me. Distilled water comes in 9$ bottles, we didn't know that when we arrived so if you don't want to pay for water just ask for ice water (they only ask if you want distilled or sparkling). Hells kitchen tasting menu is also available for a limited time, its 145$ for 5 courses and an autographed photo of Ramsay and 75$ more for wine paring on this.
960	1	Best burgur of my life.  I was so excited to eat here and it lived up to every expectation.  I'm so happy I was able to go here on my trip.  The quality of everything was so good.  The sweet potato fries and truffle oil fries are a must.  Hells kitchen burger was so good roasted tomatoes and jalapeos and avocado.  So good!  It's definitely a must if in Vegas.
1664	1	Nice Resturant in Ventitian.  staying in venitian and looking for a good place for brunch so gave this plae a try.  and were happy with our choice. I ordered egg benedit with smoked salmon and of course french toast :) and love it.  coffee was good, service is good also. much better choice for brunch than the buffet in vegas.  it has a nice ambience as well.  if I stay in venetian that is the place for brunch for sure .  haven't tried their dinner, but I am sure it sholdbe good as well. next time :)
1768	1	Best Burger in Town!    Hands down!  5 star best you can get.  If you havent had a bachi burger, you havent EVER had a Burger.  Fusion Asian and Burger, prime cuts that sizzle and light up your mouth upon entry.   This is the explosion in your mouth you are looking for in food.  lol.   This is fusion as its meant to be, surprising and tasty with a new combination and flavors you weren't expecting.    I recommend the kalbi, ronin or the bachi burger, they will be the beggining of a new love affair with burgers and fries..the fries are insane!   $8-10 burger, that delivers.  5 Star stuff here, DO NOT MISS THIS ONE..locals, if you haven't been here.  Beat it on down the Line, ASAP!    5 Star Recoomended!   Real deal legit shizzy here kiddies...  Get some!
413	1	I am a local and until last weekend (halloween weekend) I had never been to this place. BOY WAS I MISSING OUT!   Price is so cheap and the pizza is amazing! Each of us ordered a slice and I got the white pizza with some pepperoni on top. Greasy and delicious. Hits the spot and is a little bit hidden so just ask someone where it is and enjoy.   Service was great and will definitely be coming back here again. Five BIG STARS!
1978	1	From the amazing food to the wonderful waitress who provided amazing service (while still in training) this restaurant is mandatory!  I love the Eiffel Tower restaurant for dinner, but this is truly a competitor.  It's not a place you want to wander in wearing shorts and a t-shirt (well, I did, as well as many other DefCon attendees), but if you do, you won't get treated any different.  The bar looks like a place I could spend hours at, just because it's so unique and awesome looking.  But the drinks are crafted by some woman who I can only refer to as a Goddess and the kitchen just does an amazing job on the dinners...I'll be back and not soon enough.
771	0	I've been to Cravings Buffet a few times in the past for breakfast and never had a complaint.  This time my stay @ Mirage included a buffet,  so we tried the dinner buffet,  which I'm very sorry I did.  Worst dinner buffet I've experienced as far a food is concerned.  The roast beef was dry,  the corn beef was edible, which is the best I can say.  The other food, thumbs down.  I thought the fresh cooked pasta would be better, but it was not.  The creme brulee was more watery than it should've been.   Chocolate cake so-so.  Salad was ok, but there's no way to mess that up........ The only redeeming part of the meal was unlimited beer or wine.... Mirage really needs to improve on their buffet considering the last three I;ve visited at the MGM Grand, Bellagio & Aria were nice.
1859	0	So NOT the buffet that I want when I got to Vegas (TAXI!!! quick! take me to the buffet at the RIo!)  After waiting for what seemed like forever in line that morning for brunch, we finally got seated.  Then we went thru the buffet - it was so so.  There was nothing spectacular about the food, nothing interesting, or unusual that would make it stand out - nothing that would make me ever want to come back.    Vegas is about trying new foods, and experiencing things, this was not something that I would consider new - or an experience.  it was just blah.
66	1	The experience  itself is worth more than 5 stars, let alone the extravagant, picture perfect, work-of-art food. Plate by plate files by you of simply gorgeously displayed craftsmanship on a plate. Does it match up to the visual when it comes down to taste? You betcha! And beyond.  A towering stack of waffles and sagely spiced fried chicken, mounded with fried leeks (Do I eat leeks? I do now!!!). Added an order of scrambled eggs, which it seems silly to say but they were truly the best prepared I can remember. The two of us shared the waffle creation and had more than enough food.  The second Saturday of the month apparently they have this rousing DJ that sets everybody rocking to breakfast. Fun, inventive, artistic food with an attitude and a joint making a statement of swinging for the fences. Loved the experiance and the food!
1943	1	Came here for dinner.  I would rate the food as 4 stars but the service was great so I had to give it a 5.  We had a big group of over 15 people and everyone had a great time.  The server was very helpful in the selection of food choices and beverage choices and made the experience very enjoyable.
313	1	So good!! Me and a group of friends ordered the truffle fries (had gravy on top), ramen bowls and burgers.   I ordered the tonkatsu ramen ($10) and the broth was so tastey I didn't even want to add any seasoning. The ramen was really soft and fresh. Loved that the yolk in the egg was still oozing showed the freshness of the egg as well. Two pieces of pork in the soul and it was good but it was all fat.  Also ordered a burger ($15) (forgot the name) but it had onion rings and a sunny side egg in it an it was delicious! The patty is so soft and full of flavor.  The waitress forgot our oxtail fries but that's okay because we were stuffed.   Giant burgers can definitely share between two people with an appetizer. They don't skimp on the ramen bowl either!  Good portion, good price, tastey food!
612	0	I've been coming to MGM many years but extremely very disappointed that they now charge for parking....really?  Ever since MGM opened parking was always free.  I guess MGM doesn't want my business any more...I suggest going to South Point at least their parking is completely free..
1568	0	Came here to claim our free passes at this buffet (myvegas). There was no trouble getting in and was seated right when we got in. There's actually a waiter that gets the drinks for you (never had that before). We were instructed to order our drinks before we went to grab the food.  The food selection was not the worst and was not the best (since it was lunch time). I'd say the best selection out there was the prime rib. The drinks, however, was NASTY. I ordered the rasberry tea and it tasted like TAP WATER. I ordered another drink, a sprite and hoping that since it's soda, will not taste bad. I WAS WRONG. Again, it had an off taste.   I think the waiter got annoyed that we never finished our drinks (and kept ordering) and clearing our plates that still had a lot of food.
1161	1	Loved this place... its off strip but worth the drive out here.  The crispy duck was awesome with tons of flavors and an awesome sauce.  The garlic shrimp was unique as you can eat the entire shrimp (shell and all) since they fry the shell and it melts in your mouth when you eat it!  The only cons I would say was the service was spotty at times as it took 10-15mins to even get waiter to order.  But once we did get the waiter, we had pretty good service afterwards.  The portions are smaller than average but then again what they make up for portions, they gain in flavor and quality.  I would suggest ordering 2 dishes & appetizer or 3 dishes for a party of two.  It is a little more pricier than the average thai place but well worth it!
611	0	Ate here last night and I must say IT IS EXPENSIVE.  Three people costs 97.00 with tax.  We ordered 3 beers and that was an additional $14.  The food quality was ok but nothing that I would say separates MGM Grand buffet from a circus circus buffet - honestly, you are better off going down the strip to eat not sure if it's that no one is gambling and they have to raise the prices or if it's just a matter of them pricing it high because they think they can.  Staff was nice and the deserts were ok - the rest was sub par, the meat selections were minimal and the seafood selection was a joke
351	1	I've heard good things about Shake Shack months before I found out they're in Vegas, hearing comparisons such as "the In n Out of the East Coast". While I agree the burgers and fries are awesome, I hardly think you can compare the two mainly because Shake Shack is much more expensive than In n Out. Two burgers, one fries, and a root beer float cost over $26 - that's not really fast food price, it's more of a sit down burger joint price. I did really like the crinkle fries though - it was so perfectly crispy, perfectly seasoned. My Shack Stack was also delicious, although the whole time I was wishing they'd put more sauce in it.  I'd honestly just commit blasphemy and bring In n Out sauce to put on the burger here. Now THAT would be the best burger ever.
1710	0	This place has gone downhill.  The food tasted so bad.... I think I may have better food at Denny's.  Everything was so mediocre.  The dessert station taste like box made. And I can't believe there was not one single fish item in the entire place.  The food was either so picked over or what left on the table was just stale and old.  If you want to throw away your money, then this is the place to do so.  Not cheap.  $75 for two pple.  I'd never go back again.  EVER!!!!
563	1	What more is there to say that hasn't already been said? Yes it's Gordon Ramsay's, just go! Go if you are a fan, go if you enjoy burgers and mostly go if you would ever want a chance to see him. I asked our waiter and he said that Ramsay himself shows up about every 3 weeks. He did mention that there are about 200 people or so who also want a chance to see him-so now you know!  Other than that I do personally recommend that You order your burger medium RARE! The meat is as tender and juicy as it looks in the picture.  The jalapeo shots are a good group appetizer. Yes they are spicy-as they should be!  The order of fries and onion rings are big enough to share with someone else!  Another tip! Before you ever appear on one of his shows Make sure you learn how to cook a scallop and Wellington properly! :p
1497	1	Possibly the best meatball pizza here in Vegas, I would go back just for another slice of it.  Not horrible price wise, but it's not dirt cheap either.  I had a slice of meat lovers pizza and a slice of the mushroom pizza (meh) and a root beer for $11.75, so you can ballpark it from there.  It's awesome quality pizza, with a thin yet crispy crust that actually holds up pretty well.  It's really standing room at counters only, but you can find a few stools to sit on, and it's cool that they have an old school pinball machine and an old video game machine too.
443	0	... Whattttt- This place is almost as big of a rip off as that Dragon Noodle place, however, this place tasted slightly better.  Mini Wontons = Wonton wrapper. -_________- wtc. All this craziness. I literally had doughy wrapper in soup for lunch. I mean their soup is light and flavorful but it tasted like misc. powder made soup. It was also extremely salty.  The Lai Mien (hand pulled noodles) wasn't bad, but after awhile it tastes redundant. It's a little bit on the chewy side for me too. There was a tiny piece of beef that came with my soup noodle, it was saddening.  I absolutely had nothing for the spicy cold noodles.  Their portions might look tiny but it's actually a pretty hefty serving. So do keep that in mind when you see the price.  But for $20/dish (on average), I would rather have a Subway sandwich, 4 times.
1626	1	Lots of food and of great quality too. Staff was very kind and polite as well as informative. We came in a big group and ordered the meat lover special. They give you all of your food at once so you don't have to keep asking where your stuff is. The sides were especially good compared to other bbq places I've been. Meat was top notch. Overall a great experience! Definitely recommend!
337	1	Had the sage chicken and it was unique and very tasty.   I was in a hurry and by myself so I sat at the bar.  Service was quick and helpful with suggestions.  It was a little pricey but the portions and quality of food makes up for it.  I will definitely visit again.
326	1	Eating here was the gastronomic highlight of our family Vegas trip, and Bouchon did not disappoint.    The opening bread was warm, soft, and crunchy and the butter was sweet.  For starters, we had the special pork belly and the salmon rillette.  The pork belly melted in your mouth.  The rillette was served in a jar; the waiter scooped out the clarified butter off the top that sealed in the flavor of the salmon.  It was served with some toasted bread and went well with the tableside pot of mustard that is typical of a classic French bistro.  For entrees, we enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon and the Leg of Lamb.  The Bourguignon smelled and tasted great and was fork tender.  The Leg of Lamb was sliced thin and delivered a perfect medium rare and had a delicious au jus.  For dessert, we enjoyed the three Bouchon brownies with ice cream.    Service and atmosphere were excellent.  The room had mirrors and tiled floors to remind you of Paris.  We came with our 2 daughters (ages 7 and 10) and they enjoyed the Macaroni au Gratin (mild cheese and good for the young pallet) and the Croque Madame, which had a fried egg on top of buttery toasted bread that sandwiched in tasty ham and cheese.  Overall, a great experience.  I love bistro food and always seek it out whenever I travel.  This is as close as I'll get to Thomas Keller's French Laundry or Per Se for a few years, and it lived up to my expectations.
541	0	Ok, here is the truth. This place is about the same price as the Bellagio Buffet (which is now my standard for all buffets) and the quality was like Old Country Buffet. The variety was lacking, the service was non existant and the food tasted bad. The only thing that gave this two stars was the crepes. We didn't have to pay since it was comped and even then I wouldn't go again. GROSS!!!
730	0	W. T. Freakazoid.  For the price it is not with it.  Service was fast and friendly but the food was lacking flavor and the selection wasn't all that great for a buffet.  The money they ask for would be better spent at one of the regular restaurants (or just spent on drinks at a bar) with a good entree and drink.
1533	1	I've been to Bouchon twice now.  The first time was so amazing, I practically planned my next trip to Vegas around my dinner at Bouchon.  While the service left something to be desired on my recent visit, everything else was as exquisite as I remembered it.    Walking into Bouchon I hardly feel like I'm in Vegas.  The dining room is beautiful with big windows and a long metal bar.  It feels like being in Napa, and coming from California, it feels like home (albeit a home much nicer than my own).      On my first visit the service was spot on.  We had at least five people helping us, but they never mixed anything up and it never seemed intrusive.  We also had a four person table for the two of us, which was great since we ordered so much food.  When I went recently, my waiter was very, very slow (both in his service and his speech, which included many, many uncomfortable pauses).  Both times I was particularly impressed by the sommelier, who is adorable, funny, and extremely knowledgeable.        My first trip started with olives, the salmon rillettes, and the goat cheese salad.  I could have done without the salad (it was good, but very simple and too similar to things I make at home), but the olives had a great smoky flavor and the salmon was just fantastic.  I wanted to ask if they would sell me a jar of the salmon to go, but I thought they might be grossed out.  We also ordered a bottle of the sommelier's choice wine--a really fantastic syrah from Oregon.      For our entrees I had the steak frites and the boy had the mussels.  Both of them were amazing, but I preferred my steak to the mussels (and I really love mussels).  They both came with a giant side of frites, which I was honestly a bit disappointed by, given all the raves I'd heard.  There were just too many of them and they seemed slightly undercooked.  Still, that didn't detract from the meal at all.    My second meal started with the salmon (I'd been craving it for months, and it was just as good as I remembered) and the fois gras.  I know fois gras is evil and decadent and I'm suppose to hate it, but my god was this some delicious fois.  The outside was glazed with the most amazing strawberries, which accented the creamy inside perfectly.      For our entrees we had the lamb chops and the scallops.  The lamb had a peppery sauce I wasn't too fond of, but the scallops had another summery fruit sauce that was perfect.       Both times, dessert at Bouchon was good, but not the highlight of the meal for me.  I've had both the chocolate moose and the beignets. The moose was very dark and rich, but I preferred the cream filled beignets.      Small details like the plate of cookies they bring out with your coffee only add to the experience of Bouchon, leaving you satisfied.
18	1	A new Must when visiting Las Vegas!!  The food was absolutely delicious!! And the portions were extremely generous. The staff was very friendly and very attentive. Our server Earl made sure we were well taken care of as well as Carole Ann. Definitely coming back!
1998	0	I have been looking forward to trying this place for a long time now. And with a girl trip to Vegas for my birthday, what better place to go to have my birthday dessert.   What a huge mistake!! It was by far the worst service I have ever had and what makes it so bad is we only had dessert. First off, we waited about 20 minutes for our waiter to take our drink order, then another 10 for that to be served to us and then another 30 minutes for our desserts to come out. To top it off the dessert wasn't even that amazing. But what made it such a bad experience, I mean enough for me to write a review because I don't ever write reviews but this one I couldn't let go. The wait staff, they were horrible, no customer service skills what so ever. As we're sitting there waiting for our bill, the waiter finally comes to give it to us. Then sitting there waiting for him to take it, we see him clearing off other tables and taking dishes to the back and he doesn't come back out. So I flag a waiter down and ask him if he could get out waiter, which he said he would. Still no sign of him. So I finally walk up front to the hostess and ask him can we please pay our bill, we've been sitting there waiting for 30 minutes. He says he will get our waiter. Still no sign. Then we ask another waiter and finally he takes our bill to the back and gives it to our server. Finally 10 minutes he walks out with our credit card slips. Guess what bud no tip for you!! That was by far the worst experience in a restaurant that I have ever had!!! Never again will I go there or allow any of my family or friends to go there either
365	0	I have had better food and service at Ryan's. We paid $32 per person and a 18% gratuity because we sat with relatives at the same table so a total of $38 per person.   The meat (prime rib, salmon, sausage) was all over cooked. The pasta was cold. The dessert bar was lack luster. The menu posted outside specifically stated "hot lava cake" (the reason my in-laws wanted to eat there) but it was not actually being served.  The server cleared that table only twice despite the 18% gratuity.
113	1	Don't know what to order? Get the Rising Sun burger. The most delicious burger ever. Perfect combination of richness, sweetness, and savoriness. Words cannot explain how wonderful tasting this burger is. The burger consists of Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado. Burger comes with fries as well.  Definitely a little on the pricy side. The burger was $18, I believe but it was definitely worth it. Really good quality and something to try at least once if you're in Vegas!
1685	0	Located in the back of the Mirage, close to Samba, this is a fairly spacious buffet. They also have a to-go option: $16 for a box.  BF wanted something fairly quick and everything else in the casino would've had a long wait. Came on a Sunday (3/1/2015) around 11AM and there was no line (that should've been our first indicator about this place).  Note: Drinks are SELF-SERVE!! So if you're going to pre-tip at the cashier, I wouldn't tip very much since they hardly stop by to clear the tables or re-fill any alcoholic beverages you may have ordered.  Beer, Wine & Mimosas included during brunch.  Waffles were soggy but the french toast was pretty good (lots of cinnamon). There's a chef station that does custom omelettes but the line was too long. There's also different pizzas next to the chef station if you want pizza for brunch.  Tried the potsticker and seafood bun. The bun was really gross and mushy, but the filling was ok. Potsticker tasted like the frozen kind. Fried wonton was mostly oil and almost no filling.  The chilled shrimp and king crab legs were decent. The cioppino was probably the tastiest thing there but the bread that supposed to go with it was very stale (avoid it). Stayed away from all the sushi and sashimi since they all looked old and rubbery.  There's a carving station where the carver kind of creeped me out. He kept staring at me while he was cutting the prime rib that I ordered -_-|| The meat was fairly tender and juicy, but not much flavor.  The desserts didn't look too appealing: very dry-looking. The creme brulee tasted boxed and the panna cotta tasted like a pudding cup. I found it very weird that the "sorbet" is dispensed out of a soft serve machine. The toppings are around the corner of the machine.  Service is pretty much non-existent which sucks since my BF gave a good pre-tip. Lucky we were seated at a 4 person table even though we were only a pair because we just left our dirty dishes on the empty table (which got piled high). If you want a refill on your mimosas or beer, just get up and go to the counter yourself (otherwise you'll never get another drink).  If you have a voucher or a discount to come here, try it out.. But do NOT come here if you have to pay full price. Definitely not worth it at all. Our friends had a free voucher and they thought the buffet was really bad. Imagine how we felt since we paid for ours =/
704	1	Love this place--it's like Cheers, everybody knows my name! Been eating here since I was in Elementary school....did you know this place opened up in 1983? Just a little food for thought! :)  Anyway, about the food...I love and highly suggest the: -Italian skillet -Corn beef hash And my new favorite... -Pork Carnitas!!!!!! (Drool)  Do yourself a favor and give this place a shot, it's an oldie but a goodie! :)
1165	0	Food tasted ok. Nothing special. The menu had maybe 10 items on it. Service was ok. Highlight was the lady making the balloon hats. She was amazing. Kids meals were almost $9 and nothing exciting. Atmosphere was dead. The Senor Frogs we've previously been to were amazing. This one sucked. Wouldn't recommend or go back.
96	1	Ever since Triple D came to this restaurant, I had been dying to go. Now that I have gone...IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!!!  -Oxtail chili cheese fries are excellent. The flavor is outrageous with all the different asian infused spices they use. -The ronin burger was great. It was juicy and worth the money.  Would I go back...HELL YEAH!!
1933	0	Lee's is great for late night options when no place else is open. They're open 24 hours which means all the sandwiches and boba you want, anytime of day. They are like a lot of boba shops with the same kind of food and drinks. Their boba isn't cooked as long which is why I know a lot of people don't prefer their boba that way but I enjoy it! The one thing I'm not too fond of is their bread used on their sandwiches. Depending on what time of day it is, towards the end of the night, I usually get really hard pieces and eat on the insides of the sandwich. Service takes a while, even when its empty. Their card minimum is $5 so if you're only trying to get something small, bring cash with you.
1341	0	I finally visited Senor Frog's after spending my whole life seeing it as THE place to visit in Cancun while on Spring Break.  I expected to pay a premium on food because of the location on the strip so I hoped the food would deliver.  I ordered a BBQ chicken wrap after the server said they are huge.  What I got was not huge, but I figured whatever, this is no Hash House A Go Go! :)  I don't know if the wrap was supposed to be warm or cold, because different parts were warm (like the chicken), but the lettuce and sauce was ice cold.  Also as I got to both ends of my half-cut wrap, the end was just a ton of sauce with no chicken, not really the best way to end the meal.  On the other hand the fries and chips and salsa were really good, so that was a plus. (I believe we had to pay for the chips though)  I don't have much of a reason to come back here, I can get a bigger and better sandwich somewhere else for half the price.  I'm sure you can do worse, but you can do a lot better on the strip for the same price point.
752	1	We had a wonderful brunch at Bouchon! Tao and Alberto were our servers and they were both incredible...attentive and very nice! I had the 3 egg omelet which was delicious. My mom had the quiche and she said it was excellent. My sister had the banana waffle and it was amazing too! It was my mom's birthday and Tao treated us to their lemon tarte complete with a candle on top! I don't care for lemon desserts but I'll admit I really enjoyed this one!
1619	1	My favorite chicken and [bacon-stuffed] waffles that you should get an award for being able to finish in one sitting. Also love the meatloaf sandwich, the pot pie (it's boiling pot-sized) the ridiculous eggs benedict. Caveat: I can't believe any of the meals here are under 3,000 calories.
147	1	Every time I come to Vegas this place is a must. The servers are very sweet (shout out to Jessica, our amazing server, who told us to go for the waffle with strawberries and cream - it was amazing and fluffy and warm and oh man. Miss it already. Sigh) and their little egg notification for need something/satisfied) is adorable. Go. You won't regret it.  Get the skillet. Their potatoes are SO GOOD.   Check in for their free banana nut muffin. It's also SO GOOD.   What are you waiting for? Go!!!
1910	1	Been here several times for breakfast/brunch, most recently 2x for Thanksgiving. Love their coffee and croque madame. Absolutely delicious. Good breakfast in LV will set you back a pretty penny anyways so if you spend, spend it on Bouchon. Service is very pleasant, other than the hostesses who always seem to behave like they hold keys to heaven. Not specific to this place, most upscale restaurants have this issue. Bar staff is super friendly and likes to have a good conversation. Also met some great people during brunch, so it's never a disappointment. Also, last time they didn't turn away customers who showed up at closing time after brunch which speaks volumes for their level of service. Oh yea, and with a paid receipt from the bistro you get 25% off Bouchon bakery purchase which is facing the strip. Nice treat.
345	1	WOW, where do I begin?!?! This place is AMAZING!!! This was the BEST hamburger I have ever had! I ordered the fun-ghi burger, added a fried egg to it and some yummy cheeses. We had an appetizer of fried pickles and egg rolls, both delicious. The burger selection is OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Everyone LOVED their hamburgers!!!. Lots of customization options for the PERFECT burger. If you order a burger, you have to get one of their shakes. These shakes are PHENOMENAL. They are served both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, and are the perfect match to a great burger. I had the red velvet cake shake, with an extra shot, its Vegas after-all and I LOVED it! Atmosphere was very fun and cool. Service was EXCELLENT. Will definitely be going back next time I'm in town.
1629	1	We had lunch here and everything was FABULOUS...I had the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich, the BEST I have ever had! The owner is from Indiana and truly knows how to fix Tenderloin. My wife had the BUDDY Burger Special that was GREAT. One of the BEST waitress we have ever had. Just an all round FABULOUS time.
1778	0	For the love of God, if you see this place....run.  My girlfriend and I were unfortunate victims of this restaurant.  Having just flown into Vegas from New York that morning, maybe we were jetlagged.  Maybe the brightly lighted fish tanks allured us.   But alas, the fates took us here and it ruined our entire evening.  We were walking around Caesar's Palace and saw advertisements.  "A noodle bar?"  It sounded quirky and interesting enough, an honestly delightful complement to all the other restaurant reservations we had made for the rest of our trip.  So we strolled in, after quickly reading a few Yelp reviews.  They weren't positive.  We had figured that perhaps some people were too harsh, and the reviews were mixed.  Well, I should have figured something was up when the person with the most check-ins for this restaurant was our hostess.   And it began.  Taking a seat, I couldn't help notice that as opposed to the normal restaurant attire of Vegas, most of the other patrons were wearing t-shirts, shorts, and swim trunks.  At 7 pm at night.  I shrugged it off, and looked towards my girlfriend who was trying to piece together the atmosphere as it was her first time in Vegas.  We trucked on and ordered.  The food arrived 5 minutes later.  Never a good sign, I've learned.  The pork buns themselves were okay..but horribly overpriced.  Our noodle dish however, left us in such disbelief that we called over the waiter. As opposed to its 22 dollar price tag, we had gotten lo-mein made with spaghetti.  In sheer disbelief, we called over the waiter as we had felt like we were massively gutted.   We had gotten a noodle dish so terrible, I would have gladly preferred to go to the local mall, and gotten food court lo mein.    Because we're troopers, we finished the meal and reached for our check.  Still hungry, we noticed that the price tag of the meal was 50 dollars.   For a small dish of what was lo mein, badly cooked chicken, and pork buns that practically defined mediocre.  It may have ruined our evening, but don't let it ruin yours.  Please avoid this place, and find any other establishment.  ANY OTHER PLACE.  This is a waste of your time, money, and honestly, is a blackmark on a pretty great hotel.   But hey, at least they have pretty fish.
1103	0	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! When I first began coming to Vegas (around 2006), this was my absolute favorite buffet! I mean, it was a must each time my boyfriend and I went to Vegas (2x year).  It USED TO have such fresh food and variety and such amazing dessert selections....  What a darn disappointment these last couple of times and this last time just threw me over the top.  The food has become merely edible but oh so tasteless and hardly any fresh food! I mean, we pay for dinner price yet we eat the same crap as you served lunch hours ago? Uh, I don't think so.   and CUPCAKES and COTTON CANDY? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? What a cop-out! Those aren't real desserts, give me a break. Omg let me mention their crepes.... are pre-made and the cook just heats it and stuffs it for you! If you can't make it fresh, don't offer it!  Will never ever come here again.  They ought to get rid of their "Voted Best Buffet in Vegas" from 2006 because it sure as heck does not apply anymore.
12	0	"You get what you pay for"  If only that were the truth.  Let's see....  We got there and: 1) The elevator from the parking structure is out - so we hoof it from the 4th floor all the way to reception with our bags in tow.    2)We got booked into a smoking room when we specifically asked for a non-smoking room  3)We got transferred to a non-smoking room (after a few hours) with a view of the Airport.... well, there would have been a view if the windows weren't so damned grimy  4)Uncomfortable Bed  5)Tube TV that kept cutting out every few minutes, which wouldn't have been bad on its own, but the batteries on the remote were dead.. HAH!  Okay, at 25 bucks a night, I might have agreed that we got what we paid for and it might have been a So-so 2.5 to three stars.  MAYBE.  But when you tack on an additional UNDISCLOSED $15/day "Resort Fee"  (What resort? it was 40 freakin Degrees out!), No Wi-Fi AND $15/day wired internet fee??  ....  Umm... Yeah ... 1.5 stars and I'm not even going to round it up to two.   PROTIP: Hooters appears to be where failed Import model wannabes with bad boob jobs go to die. - Enjoy.
191	0	To put it briefly: we paid $98 for a dinner that left me wishing we'd just hit the Chipotle down the hall in the mall. I don't mind paying Las Vegas strip prices when the food is good, but this was a huge disappointment.  The service was fine but the food was some of the most mediocre stuff I've ever had - and I'm not usually picky.  I'm not sure how one manages to make bad potato skins, but they did. For entres we had the ahi tuna salad and the steak and eggs. The eggs were watery (how do you make watery scrambled eggs? I don't know, but they managed that too!), the tuna salad had four tiny pieces of tuna that were chewy and the greens were utterly tasteless. I also ordered a lemon drop cocktail which tasted like someone mixed a small amount of liquor in some watery blue kool aid.  Needless to say, we didn't bother with dessert.  If you're getting food around here, either go cheap and hit the food court or go to the Gordon Ramsay place where you'll pay the same price and actually enjoy your meal.
95	1	Most foodies know about the legendary Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas. All I can say is this...the curry here (specifically the Panang) is BY FAR the most exquisite Thai curry I have ever had. The nuance, the balance and subtlety of the flavors is incomparable. I've never had anything I didn't love and I've been going here for almost 15 years, but the Panang curry is truly a masterpiece of culinary excellence.
1084	0	I was at a Tableau Software Conference in October of 2015 with 10,000 other data nerds. Great conference, but the MGM was just Ehhh, compared to Seattle and Washington D.C. where the previous 2 conferences have been.  It was cool seeing the Keynote speeches in the same arena that the big fights were that could hold 10,000 people.  The food was so fantastic at the other two places, the very mediocre meals were a little disappointing. For breakfast it was always a breakfast sandwich with egg and a protein and fresh fruit. Cereal and yogurt and stuff too, but I just wanted the vat of scrambled eggs I could take a nice couple of scoops of. Their beer was either Bud, Bud Light, or Heineken. Nothing really too special. They did have a special craft beer on the first night, but it was kind of gross I thought, and I like Pale Ales. For lunch it was more just normal buffet stuff. I realize that feeding 10,000 people is tough, but knowing what other places have done makes me greedy. How about a guy carving roast beef at the end of each lunch line? Anything special. This was just "Food" I have been to a ton of places that have had a lot better mass produced food.  They get you with a lot of nickel and dime stuff. Be prepared to spend an extra $45 every night for taxes and "Resort Fees" which is basically, free wi-fi. The pools were all closed. Pretty lame. Actually, VERY LAME! $25 for Wi-Fi?!?  I paid $189 for a room. It was like a cruise cabin room. Super small. Plus I was looking out over the HVAC system. Not good times. I was hardly in there more than 8 hours to sleep, but it was CRAZY small. Especially for that price. For $25 dollars a night resort fee, how about taking a week's worth of resort fees and throwing a mini fridge in each room? Nope, if you want a fridge, $25 a night. What a rip off.  The place is huge though. You get lost often and it would be nice if there were a ton more maps around the place. You could spend ten minutes walking around just trying to get back out to The Strip.  The service there was great though. Super nice people.  Just really really overpriced for what you get, especially when they are fleecing you at every restaurant and bar.
1686	1	Just go here and try one of their burgers, you will not be disappointed!   We hit this on our way out of town based on my friend's recommendation and I am thankful we did. We shared a Kiki burger with an egg and truffle fries which were both bomb! Also ordered the pork belly slider which were damn good as well.   As Samuel Jackson said, "Mmmhmm this is a tasty burger"  Can't wait for them to open up in LA!
480	1	My boyfriend and I's ever so often treat is coming here for a Kobe burger. At $16 it isn't cheap, but we share it (it's a good size), and it's soooo good.   We always add provolone cheese, cheddar cheese, cinnamon bacon, and oyster mushrooms. All delicious and to die for.   They carry some awesome beers (try the Wailea wheat!), and service has always been good. The wait sucks, but there's a reason wy this place always has a wait.
15	1	Since it's opening, it has become a must-do whenever we are in Vegas. Have tried 3 different burgers, all were amazing. Love the curry and chipotle katsups that come with the thick cut fries. Tried a shake for the first time on our last visit. It tasted delicious, but the pudding on top was an unexpected surprise. Expect a long wait at regular meal times. I always grab a pen at the end-- one more touch I love (twice our waitress brought more pens for us)
1096	1	Let me get to the point! Burger bar rocks and i'm glad they have one in SF.  I wonder if its just as good..  We ordered the kobe beef burger with skinny fries and a side order of jalapeno beer battered pickle spears.  Good laaaaaaaaaaaawd! I was in heaven, such a great burger, super crisp and well seasoned fries and damn those pickle spears!!    Addicted...
846	1	Best burger of my LIFE! I came for my birthday and we almost walked away when we saw the line. Turns out it moved fast and I was impressed with their technology. They send you a text when your table is ready so you can walk away and get a drink nearby and relax. After a short wait we were at our table. You could tell they thought about everything. The waitress was very informed about every item on the menu, even when the food was served they make sure to face every plate in the same exact position.   But let me get to the food. Prices extremely reasonable, especially considering this is a gourmet restaurant. All the choices were appetizing, I went with the Euro burger (truffle, goat cheese, arugula) and my boyfriend the boar. We had the truffle fries to share. Everything was as good as it gets. The meat was cooked just enough and juicy. Again I was so impressed at how well thought out everything was.   I cannot wait to return here!
849	1	Bumping it up to 5 stars after our last dinner.    You GOTTA try some of the dishes they got going on like the sturgeon confit!  Oh my god!  It was as if a salmon mated with a whole block of tofu and voila!  That may sound terrible to some but goddamn!  I've had plenty of sturgeon caviar but never the actual fish.  The fish was truly amazing both for texture and flavor.    Then there's the veal appetizer.  They slow cook the veal, bread it and THEN pan fry it!  What??  I'll have whatever the chef is smoking please.  Juicy, flavorful and crispy with some great cream sauce.  I would've taken this as an entree.    We also got the saffron mussels and pate which were very good but not as good as the top 2.
732	1	Delicious food and great service! We had the prime rib Benny and strawberry cream French toast. The potatoes that come with the Benny are soooo good; crispy and well-seasoned. Perry and the other staff were very attentive and friendly. :) I recommend if you have a larger group, call ahead and make a reservation  And don't forget to check in and get a free, warm banana nut muffin!
425	1	You have not tasted an amazing burger until you have tried Gordon Ramsey. Absolutely nobody should compare this restaurant to bachi, because it is beyond amazing.  My friend and I came here on a Wednesday afternoon and only waited for about 5-10 minutes, which was fine because it gave us time to peruse the menu and check out yelp for some tips.  I decided to try the brittania. The mango chutney made me a little hesitant, but I decided to just go for it and I'm glad I did. The mango, arugula, and sharp cheddar worked in a beautiful medley with the beef. It has this amazing sweet and savory was amazing.  My friend go the euro burger. She really loved it. I tried some of it, but it made me realize that I really don't like goat cheese.   The truffle fries were pretty great. It was actually really big. I shared with my friend and we couldn't finish it with our burgers. The sauce it came with was amazing. The truffle aioli was something else. Y'all need to hit it up!  I forsure can't wait to come here again and try the hog burger, if I'm not really tempted by the Brittania again. It was that good.
240	0	I wish I had lower than a star for this restaurant. First, Price posted on a filet mignon was 37 while when seated, the menu showed it 39. The waiters were fine but the food was not a filet mignon but a steak. I ordered medium to well, which I always order like that but it came so dry. I wasted my money for sure. Juice 5 dollars a glass, refill is the same cost. There's apparently no restaurant manager ensuring that everyone is attended. You are on the mercy of waiters' attention.
315	0	It's worth it to go for the fancy desserts. They do have huge portions on those.  But I was so annoyed at the prices for the savory food. It will be like 17 dollars for a hot dog. It just doesn't make any sense.  So go here for dessert. Most people could easily share one thing and still be more than satisfied. But skip it for dinner.
875	0	Right when I entered the hotel it was EMPTY. I never seen an empty hotel in Vegas before. When I stepped inside the elevator, it smelled like urine mixed with barf combined.... (gross) we requested a non-smoking room, but all the rooms allowed smoking.... so we are pretty much second hand smoking. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!
1889	1	Went with some friends who were visiting and I was really excited to try this place. It was definitely a vegas bucket list for me. The space is hidden on the 10th floor of the Venetian and it's kind of hard to find. The restaurant I think is a beautiful open space with a classic French design. The menu isn't too expansive. It's small and the way it's organized can be a little confusing.   We started off with mimosas, escargot, froie grois pate, and the small seafood platter as appetizers. They also served is complimentary bread with the most delicious butter and blackberry jam combination. I loved the escargots . It can with a puff pastry on top to soak up the garlicky oil goodness. I even dipped extra bread in that sauce. The texture of the escargot and flavor was on point. The froie was good but it's was really hard. Like a spoon can stand upright in it. I definitely like the taste of a actual froie filet better but texture of this was good. I give it 3/5 stars.   The seafood platter was a beauty. We couldn't stop snapping pics of it. The lobster is flavored and it was delicious. The texture was a little chewy. The shrimp was also plump and fresh but it would have been "crispier" if you know what I mean. The oysters were delicious!  Both kinds were. Sweet and fresh. Loved them. The mussels were ok. Could have passed on that.  We didn't get our mimosas until after the appetizers and the waitress felt so bad she gave it to us on the house. That was such a sweet gesture. I love it when restaurants comp things for you when service isn't just right.   For main dishes we got the croquet Madame, the salmon plate, the burger and the steak hash which was the special. The croque Madame is so rich and buttery and gluttonous. I don't think I can eat all of that but my friends did. We also upgraded to truffle fries and that was an excellent idea since it was delicious and the biggest hit. I liked my salmon plate. Nothing special and it's something you can make at home though. The steak hash wasn't that great actually. For 30 bucks it tasted like the steak hash I can get at a diner.   Overall it was a great experience and the service was wonderful. Somethings in the menu are superb, some are just good ( standard but not worth the price) and yes guys this place is pricey.
1569	1	We came here after reading the reviews and it was amazing! The place is clean. Service was good and quick. But most of all, the food was so flavorful!!! You've got to try this place! Amazing food with a huge menu which we can't wait to try next time.  Service was great and we were glad we can early on. Saturday as the place started to fill up.  Definitely recommended and now a favorite going forward when in Vegas!
75	1	Oh have mercy on my soul THIS was amazing!!! We were seated right away, the service was incredible and the FOOD oh man, so good wish I had another stomach! We started with the Ox tail chili fries THAT alone sold me on the place. Then we had the Bahn-mi burger and the Ronin burger holy mother of god they were SOOO delicious. Our server came and checked on us without overly checking, which was great because we were too busy stuffing our faces! LOL we then finished off the meal with Portuguese doughnuts...the coffee ice cream was to die for. I can honestly say, THIS has been such a great food orgasmic experience that we will ALWAYS come here when we're in town! Thank you for the amazing food and service! An absolute must if your in town!
901	0	After a very long flight it was suggested we check out Citizens for a late dinner. We asked to be seated inside because the band playing in the bar outside was SO loud. It didn't make a difference. Our server greeted  us quickly and was very enthusiastic. We ordered the fish & chips and the tuna melt plus waters. Food presentation was beautiful.  unfortunately the fish was over cooked and the potato salad, al though made in house, lacked flavor. In the end our bill was $50 for a mediocre meal. The fish and chips was definitely over priced, $26!
1109	0	So yeah, after a girl's night out on the strip, I woke up and was starving at 10a.m. on a Sunday. A friend and I ventured out together to look for some food to nourish my belly. We found this spot randomly while walking around the Cosmo, and got enticed into eating here thinking that starchy foods (rice and noodles) with some greasy (mexican) would be the best fit for my physical, mental, and emotional state.    I got the crazy nachos topped with a fried egg, because who doesn't like some greasy food to coat the stomach after a hard night of drinking. It was their attempt at a "fancy" gourmet chillaquillas. It was mehhhhhhhhhhh. Even my desperate hung over state couldn't appreciate this.   I shared some shiu-mai for 13 bucks, and that was a disappointment. We also split some tacos (barbacoa and cochinta). Barcacoa was whatever, but that cochinta was quite unforgettable. It had some crispy pork that gave it a nice crunch. The toppings were amazeballs. I'd skip everything and come back for this one taco.   I think I drank about 7 glasses of water, because it tasted sooooo dang good. I totally thought it was some special water, only to find out from the waitress who said, "Oh, it's just tap water." Yeah, that was embarrassing. The food was overpriced, but those 7 glasses of water kinda sorta made up for our meh brekkie meal and hefty $50 bill.  Next time I come back, I'll be ordering two Cochinta tacos and drinking 10 glasses of TAP water.
317	0	If this is your idea of a ***good*** (not best, because there isn't such a thing as perfect) banh mi, please expose yourself to more locations.  The good things about this place: +Fast +24 hours open (when you're still partying at 4AM and you want something, hell yes) +Bright and clean  +Clean restrooms +Spacious, hip furniture, and no shortage of seats! Lee's designer sure knew his stuff. Visually appealing. +Efficient Service. I like the automatic vietnamese announcer voice that calls your number when you're called to get your sandwich. And then the guy that calls it in english afterward. Cute idea.  The caveats: -The sandwiches (more on that later) -Can't charge card unless $20 has been met (there's a handy ATM machine here though!) -A bit Expensive for Viet sandwiches  The sandwiches here are like fast food to most Viets. Lol it's not the worst, but not the best. It's acceptable. The #11 Special Combo, #1 Lee's Combo, #5 Grilled Pork and #6 BBQ Pork are all okay sandwiches. They all came out THIN, cold, and the quality of the meat is less-than-tasty, like it's been sitting out. At some traditional places, your pickled daikon, carrot slices, and cilantro are placed in a separate baggie for you to put in yourself to your liking. Here, they already place it in for you. Not a huge deal because some banh mi places do this, but it kind of just reminds me of the fast food feel. Veggies weren't exactly fresh.   The bread is a dry french baguette that isn't made fresh daily, but it's okay. The thinness and the scant flavorings of the ingredients is what bothers me. This place is fast food quality. You could make this at home. Not really worth the price. Maybe it's because I'm used to the traditional places or the ones in Cali that do it right with the quality meats and preparation, but it helps to let people know that this is far from a good banh mi spot.     Their ice coffee is awesome though. A bit hard to mess up and loaded with ice, but still tasty. I remember when I was younger and ordered one at Starbucks thinking it'd taste like viet ice coffee...I was definitely disappointed!   I have to say Lee's really knows how to market! I'm pleased that this empire is doing so well. From the first time I experienced in Cali to now (the first one was actually pretty good ages ago), I'm glad that this company is doing awesome. But then again, it's a franchise. Not that that's a bad thing. It's no mom-and-pop contrary to what most people *might* think. But that's like saying that Subway makes the best sandwich you've ever had, in your life, EVER. (I like Subway once in a while...got nothing against them) Or maybe you're happy with that. More power to ya!   What this place does well is introduce people to banh mi. =] It's just okay, not bad or great, but it's fine for a quick bite. The environment is fun to look at and awesome to hang out at with your friends no doubt. And who can argue with that 24-hour opening especially for late night cravings? Does it warrant a 4-star for the taste and ambiance alone? Nope.  As another reviewer asked, would I go to some hole-in-the-wall over this place for a bit better quality tasting sandwich? Yes. Because it's a huge improvement over the banh mi here in taste and quality; costs just as much if not cheaper; and probably all on the same street (not that much farther than here). It's a simple dish, and I'm NOT expecting gourmet but that doesn't mean you should compromise taste for everything else. I recommend people try other banh mi shops for a better one and to keep an open mind!
686	1	We went to Burgr for dinner on a Sunday evening.  There was 20 minute wait to be seated. It seems to be popular.  As a vegetarian I was not keep on a burger joint and the menu has only 1 burger for vegetarians, the Earth Burger ( portabello mushroom burger ). I am not a fan of portabello mushroom, the kitchen obliged me with a grilled cheese with veggies and their mango chutney.  It was fantastic. I would recommend that again. The staff was courteous and accomodating and so was the kitchen staff. Do give it a try, even if you are vegetarian.
1171	0	I'm going to preface this review by saying that I stayed here for a few nights after receiving a special offer for a $22/night rate (plus an $18/night "resort fee" which gets you wifi--for one device--and not a whole heck of a lot else), so consider that the entire trip was done somewhat on the cheap when reading the following.  In terms of the condition of the hotel and the rooms, it's certainly not dirty or decrepit by any means, but it is aging and is overall rather bland--the owners' unwillingness to put any money into renovations is readily apparent. Look around and you'll see all kinds of remnants--there's an "M" festooning the storefront of the cubic zirconium shop, a relic from Barry Manilow's stint here. And the "Spacequest Casino" and surrounding areas, including the massive entrance to the now-defunct Star Trek Experience, have largely remained as-is, which means there is a huge inexplicably space-themed casino just off the lobby. Oh, and you can still see the enormous Star Trek insignia on the outside of the building when taking the Monorail elsewhere.  We encountered a number of niggling problems over the course of our stay. We checked in at approximately 11:30 PM on a Sunday night and were told at checkin that room service was 24 hours; indeed, even the screens in the lobby, as well as the menu in the guest directory, all seemed to confirm this. However, a phone call to room service revealed that it in fact ends at midnight. What's more, an attempt to order delivery (via the GrubHub website) resulted in a phone call from the GrubHub management telling us that they can't send delivery drivers to the LVH because (and this is a direct quote) "last time they called the cops on the driver." Apparently the hotel owners are so cheap and money-grubbing that they would rather you starve than order delivery--that, or resort to the late-night "deli" off the sports book which served little more than deep-fried crap from Sysco.  The nickel-and-diming doesn't stop there. Want to make a coffee in-room? That'll be $3.50, please. Those "complimentary" bottles of water? $4 each (though, in fairness, they only charged us $4 despite the fact that we drank about three of them each over the course of our stay). Want to use the landline with your calling card? That'll be $1. Oh, and want to use the sauna/steam room? That's $20 (per day), on top of your resort fee.  Housekeeping doesn't seem to give a crap about whether or not you're asleep. Starting at 7 AM on Monday, we heard extremely loud Spanish virtually non-stop through the wall for well over an hour as the housekeepers chatted away with each other while cleaning adjacent rooms. It wasn't exactly something you'd care to wake up to involuntarily.  As far as creature comforts go, the water pressure in the showers is ridiculously pathetic--indeed, Larry King's urine stream is likely more forceful than the dinky trickle that issued forth from the shower head. Additionally, the water valve in our bathroom wouldn't completely shut off, resulting in dripping that, while not particularly annoying, did seem wasteful. What's more, the "hot" water was really on the low side of warm; I was able to get truly hot water only on the last day of our stay.  Those are probably the main issues that we encountered. Again, I'm not going to completely pan the place--the beds are comfortable, the rooms are serviceable (especially if you can snag an upgrade), the in-room A/C is ice-cold, the elevators are fast, and the promo rates can't be beat, plus the direct connection to the monorail makes it a snap to get to the Strip. If budget is a concern, this place isn't a terrible choice if you don't mind taking a few lumps.
520	1	LOVED this place!! I didn't eat at the restaurant as when we went there was quite a wait so we opted to sit fireside (in the lounge) and order drinks and apps.  First off the hostess and wait staff were friendly and helpful.  Our waitress answered all our questions about drinks and when one of the couples with us ordered the large nachos she recommended the small and boy am I glad she did because the small could easily feed 4-6.  The drinks were well priced and made well.  I opted for the Bloody Mary while the BF got The Scorpion (as seen on TV) - both were mighty tasty.  Our group not only had the nachos but also the BBQ sliders, ribs and the app sampler.  All were made really quick and tasted good.  There was even a photographer who came around and took group pics of us (free of charge).  We showed up around 4pm on a Friday and though the fireside table was reserved at 7pm the waitress politely notified us but didn't pressure us to leave or even move (which we did when more of our party showed up around 6:30pm).  All in all I give this place 5 stars and will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
1958	1	Yep! The expected stellar dining experience only Gordon Ramsay can guarantee!!  For Appetizer, we ordered the "Fuzzy Chicken Wings." Spicy & Tangy w/blue cheese crumbs! They were DAZZLING! Fell off the bone! Hmph!  For the Entree we ordered the "Uber Cheese Burger," -fontina, raclette & goat cheese- I added a fried egg! O. M. G! Superb cooking technique of the meat! It's the first thing you will notice! Very Woodsy! We also ordered the American. Boring, uninspired selection I thought...NOT SO! In fact, after BOTH of those selections I can confirm I will never enjoy any other Burger again after this experience, and if I NEVER eat a burger except here, I'm A okay with that! Oh! Can't forget the Truffle Fries! My God, if you are an Atheist, you won't be after the Truffle Fries! In fact, this has to qualify as baptism! The friggin Truffle Fries are a Divine Spiritual Experience!  Enjoy!!
997	1	Pro: Cheesecake factory done right, TONS of seats, great food, excellent breakfast buffet. 24 hours!!!  Con: Back of the Venetian, can still be crowded during major conventions.  This is it, skip all your buffets and $150 dollar per person meals, come here and dine. The menu is long and detailed, from small to epic portions, everything is done right from 6 am to 9 pm. I have personally ate here 3 times while in those ungodly hours and everything is just done to perfection.   The breakfast buffet is a quick service option, most time is when my crew are here for CES, skip the wait, and go get your own food. The fruit is always the highlight, it's just better than the $33 dollars Caeser/Aria buffet.   If the place is packed, go eat at the bar, the service there is sometimes better.
119	0	So a vegetarian walks into a burger joint.... But seriously, my two partners wanted burgers and this place boasted a veggie burger, so I was sold! Result? Food was good! I did the Inferno Burger with a black bean patty (skip the warm lettuce) and add onion strings. It was yummy, good kick of spice and the patty was charred to perfection, just enough to crispiness. My boyfriend fell in love with the bacon & eggs sliders. He called the mini quail eggs cute- and devoured them. My BFF had the Dante with a turkey patty and loved it- especially the blue cheese. Bad news though!! Service was bad, bad, bad. They need to look at their staffing plans- our server was swamped with too many tables! She was filling drink orders, ringing up checks and helping at least 6 tables; meanwhile, 2 hosts were standing around doing nothing. At least 4 guys were bussing tables and done, standing around with nothing to do. There were at least 4 bartenders, yet they were all standing together taking. My drink never came, and we had no utensils while our food sat at our table. The saving grace was how nice and apologetic our server was!
428	1	My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.  Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.  The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.  I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.  Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.  But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.  Highly recommend.  Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.  Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
90	0	Sub par restaurant. The place wasn't to full capacity, and I waited 25 mins to be seated and I had to wait 15 mins before a waiter approached my table. I had a grilled chicken salad from McDonald's better than the one I had tonight. Rolls brought to the table were not hot, but rather straight out of the refrigerator. In addition, the entire time we ate the housekeepers were vacuuming close to our table and two maintenance personnel walked past our table carrying plungers. Disgusting!!! The waiter was polite, but didn't fix the issue of my chicken breast being tough and poorly seasoned.
735	0	If you want to be squished by hundreds of sweaty strangers with out even room to dance then come here. The restaurant is nice and I like the atmosphere the club has but Tao needs to seriously crowd control they let too many people in too fast, I was over it after 30 min. Not to mention the quality of people we ran into, maybe it was just random but this fat drunk Mexican literally feel on top of my girlfriend. My GF playfully smacked her ass when she got up. Apparently she didn't like that and started charging at my GF then tried to swing at her. Held back by all of her friends she finally stoped acting dumb and went away. I latter saw the same girl trying to dance on the stage where the bouncer kicked her off for being to raunchy. Thursday night might be better but I won't be going back. I've heard marquee and XS are much better clubs.
1609	0	Pros: Fun if you are drunk out of your mind. Or just turned 21. Or just turned 21 and drunk out of your mind. Oh, and if you are from Nebraska. Honestly though, the environment is really energetic and loud so don't expect to actually talk to anyone you are eating with. The fish and chips are good, food wise. Oh, and you can take goofy pictures, so that's fun.  Hint: if you walk in somewhere and they ask if you are there to drink or to eat, never eat the food. Unless you love globs and globs of cheese. The rubbery, oily kind.   Cons: Literally the WORST meal that I have ever paid for. Had to pay for chips and salsa. The salsa was awful. How do you mess up salsa in a Mexican restaurant? My partner ordered tacos. Only ate two bites of one taco because they were gross. Again, how do you mess up tacos in a Mexican restaurant?    I'm not too surprised because I should have known better. I mean, it's Vegas and I got a coupon for a free appetizer. There had to be a catch. Stick to the buffets, people. Your wallets and stomach will thank you.
1062	1	Me: Bites into the burger Me: 0.0 Me: (does best impersonation of Gordon Ramsay) this burger is #$(@* AMAZING!  So how does BurGR stack up against other popular burger joints in Vegas? Here is my definitive list:  1) BurGR 2) Bachi 3) Holstein ..... 100000) Burger Bar  First off, the decor here is awesome. Who doesn't love live flames everywhere, especially in the middle of PH. It's pretty much, Hell's Kitchen. ;). Onto the food! The Euro burger was a hogwash blend of aromatic truffle aioli and goat cheese. Every bite was packed with savory flavors. Additionally, the truffle fries here are darn amazing. Thick cut and fried into crispy golden slices of heaven. My gf and I agreed that the Euro burger was one of the best burgers we've ever had!  Overall, my only complaints were the snotty server and long wait time to be seated and fed (45 minutes). She was not very friendly and she gave us attitude when we tried to use our total rewards card... However, even questionable service still doesn't compare to the impeccable food. Furthermore, the long wait only made us savor the food more.   If this is the kitchen in Hell... and Gordon Ramsay is the lord of the underworld... I'm fine with trading my soul for this burger. XD.
241	0	I've been dying to check out Serendipity 3.  And yes, I did read the Yelps beforehand but since Janice C., my friend that lives in Vegas, & I still wanted to check it off our to do lists we decided to go to the To Go area outside since the hostess said their system was down to take reservations (I called ahead of time) and the wait would be around a half hour.  The To Go menu has a lot less attractive items on the menu.  The wait was still very long for bf & I to get our kobe sliders & fries.  And Janice C. who was behind us her salad came after the order of the guy behind her!  Who puts one cook in such a popular To Go window of the restaurant?!    The kobe sliders weren't bad, but $9 for 3 of them...geeze...happy hour somewhere else would have been cheaper!  The fries were alright too, wish they were a little crispier however.  I had a of my friend's frozen hot chocolate, it was alright, nothing special really and not worth $10!  The outdoor seating was kind of limited, but luckily there were a couple empty tables which were not tended to.  The misters could have been stronger and better aimed.    I may try to go to the original location AND eat there whenever I go to NYC, but as for this location, no thanks, it's overpriced & overrated!
996	0	The sports book and buffet here are great and gambling is cheap during the morning but I will never stay here again... first they charge you 20 dollar a day resort fee THEN if you want to use the weight room you have to pay ANOTHER 20 DOLLARS A DAY!!!! sorry but no other hotel has ever charged 2 resort fees for two different gym AT THE SAME HOTEL!!!! lvh love your sports book but ill never stay here again the rooms are ok but I can pay a cheaper resort fee and hotel rate else where and it will be better
1576	1	our first time here, we was craving some good korean grinds and this restaurant has excellent Korean food, service was great, my husband and i loved it!!! if you are looking for tasty korean food as good as you get in Hawaii then this is the place for you!! they also offer FREE dessert with your review, now thats a bonus!
1734	1	Take me to Thailand already!  Was soooo excited to come here after hearing about this place for years! Thai restaurants are pretty standard in the Bay Area, so I was really hoping for something different.   Reservations are a must for dinner (or anytime, probably)!! Or come right when they open at 5:30PM and get your name on the list. I came here on a Sunday night at 6PM and it was already a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table for two.  Definitely try to order items you don't normally see at other Thai restaurants. That's the key. If you go for the same old stuff that everywhere else has, then that's what you're gona get... the same 'ol boring stuff. Try something different!  Get the Nam Kao Tod! It's crispy puffy rice sauteed with sour sausage. It sounds a little weird, but it's delicious! I love the crispy texture and there's tons of tangy flavor from the sausage and citrus they put in it. Watch out for the heat though! It might not seem that spicy at first, but the spice creeps up on you and lingers!  The drunken noodles with soft shell crab was SO GOOD. The sauce for the noodles is on the sweeter side. It's a nice compliment to the salty, crunchy soft shell crab. Don't forget to eat some of the deep fried basil leaves with it!  But the most amaaazing thing was their mango and sticky rice! HANDS DOWN the BEST mango and sticky rice I've ever had! The mango was perfectly ripe and so sweet. The sticky rice was unique with the hint of floral in the background. And I couldn't get enough of their coconut milk!  This is also a great place for you wine lovers! Their wine ROOM is astonishing. They have a whole binder as their wine list. They even have one FULL page dedicated to German Rieslings alone!  The menu here is huge. There's no way you can hit everything in one visit. I need to come here every time I'm in Vegas until I try it all!
432	1	We were to come back to this place, it's always a MUST when we stay at the Mandalay. They have great Build-your-own burgers and delicious shakes! Great for a date night or even with friends.   My husband wanted to try the pretzel bun, he decided he probably should've just stuck with the regular white sesame. Wasn't feelin the pretzel bun. That's the only setback, otherwise, we shared one shake, got two burgers, and shared one skinny fries! The fries are soooo yummy.
602	0	Do NOT eat here it will be a waste of your money.  My husband and I shared an omlet and he had a tea and I order a mimosa. Out bill was $45.00 food was cold, service was slow and we were al around unimpressed.  If you are looking for a great breakfast with great food amd a good deal without the long las vegas tourist wait, go to "The Original Pancake house" just 15 minutes from the strip.   Don't waste your time or money on this awful place
92	0	Gave them one star because I couldn't do no stars.  The food is fairly decent, but it is not out of this world. The service is what lacks. It is not difficult to treat customers well or be up front with them to be accommodating.   We had a group of 5 and the server was extremely rude and even made comments toward us as we left.   For a town that host trade shows and borders California it is easy for us to visit Vegas often. Since my visit in January 2014 i have not returned to Serendipity 3 and do not ever plan to again.
1831	1	Great customer service, very friendly and welcoming!! Definitely one of the best Korean Bbq places I have been at in Las Vegas. I love the spicy tuna sushi and Korean prime Kalbi I get that all the time along with the beef torro. Coming here again!!!!
1277	0	The first time I went to the MGM, I was pleased with everything. The second time I went, the service was not very good. Thinking that this was a fluke, I stayed there again. Big mistake.   We got there after 3 a.m. because of really bad traffic. Obviously not the MGM's fault. We got to our room and one of the window coverings was broken. I was concerned that somehow I would get blamed for breaking the window covering so I wanted to inform the front desk. I figured they may change our room or just say "don't worry about it." What I got was attitude. They said "It's 4 a.m., what do you want me to do about it?" Okay, well at least they know that the window covering is broken.   Fast forward to 5 a.m. I wake up to someone OPENING OUR DOOR. So far, I had only one hour of sleep. I wake up in alarm wondering if they double booked the room. According to my spouse, they knocked first. It was Engineering. They were there to fix the window covering. Who sends maintenance into a booked room at 5 a.m.?! How is this okay?  Then, a few hours later, they wake us up again with a phone call. They asked us if we had checked out because the maid service reported that we did. We had not checked out. At the end of our stay, we called the front desk and checked out. We asked them if any further action needed to be taken and they said that everything was taken care of.  They double charged us. We paid for the room online. When we had first got there they asked to see the credit card and they charged us again without our knowledge. My spouse called them to rectify the situation after our stay and they insisted that we had stayed two nights! I appalled at how awful this entire situation has been.
546	0	I am really torn on this one...a cool club, nice decor, cool enough hosts.  The bottle service thing is a racket in itself...but I was overcharged and in my ummmm....altered state I failed to see that I was overcharged by a bottle (what's $450 between friends right?).  Easy enough to correct right?  Call the club, fix it, done...right?  WRONG.  I was told that because I signed the tab...tough luck...even though the staff REMEMBERED NOT SERVING ME THE EXTRA BOTTLE!!!  Best they could do was comp me a bottle next time I am in Vegas...gee thanks...I would have gone back anyway, but now its like....will go back again after collecting the comp?  Quick update, I finally made it back to Vegas and called to set up the bottle I paid for back in March...of course the manager I worked with is no longer there, and they refused to do anything besides assuring me of a "really nice table"...um you basically stole from me....  Shame on me for not being more careful and assuming my bill was prepared correctly...  Spend your money elsewhere is my recommendation.
1668	0	This is an alright hotel if you just need a place to sleep and shower. However, I wasn't exactly satisfied with my experience here.   Pros:  - Decent beds. Nothing too fancy, but I still slept pretty well.   - Has a few fun souvenir and novelty shops.   - Nice honeymoon suite with a deck and a good view. It was even large enough for a small, casual wedding reception.   Cons:  - I came here with a wedding party. We were all supposed to be in rooms relatively near each other. Even though the reservation was made several months in advance, all of our rooms were on different floors and even in different towers.   - The elevators were constantly malfunctioning. On the floor which I was staying, the up button called the down elevator, and vice versa. One night, there was a 100-person wait for the elevators in my tower. There are 7 elevators in that tower alone, so there shouldn't have been an issue. In addition, I found a staircase that went to the second floor, but I couldn't find one that went up to my floor.   - 1 of the 4 lights in my room worked. The staff made no attempt to fix this during my stay.   - The food court was nothing to brag about. The food was fine, but cleanliness was lacking, and the overall feel was pretty lackluster.   - Even though it's on the strip, the Riviera is still a somewhat long walk away from any decent tourist attractions.   I suppose you get what you pay for, but I would be willing to pay more for a better hotel during my next visit to Las Vegas.
1644	0	It honestly gets one star because of the great service, our server was Todd and he was fantastic!! Really that was it, the food was horrible, no flavor, barely any variety, old bread, disgusting looking crab, salad bar (or what they call salad bar) was so lame!
1920	0	Well well well i realize its opening day and it went pretty well for a 2 1/2 hour wait in line and 33 mins to get our food.... All was hood except the smokers who didnt care and at the very end of what could have been at least 4 stars... Riley at the door was belligerent to me when i came back in to get my daughter who was waiting on the food.... Too bad with the prices SO high, the novelty is a 80 cent burger they are 1.59 with cheese. Really guys? You wont make enough? This is a great way to run off your locals, trust me, youll regret it!
1748	1	I was really in the mood for a burger so I thought I'd give Gordon Ramsey's Burgr a shot. It was just before it opened and I joined the line instead of being discouraged by the line. Good thing I did because when it opened we were seated quickly. I ordered the Hog burger and also tried the onion rings and parmesan fries. The burger was not dry and had a nice taste. The fries with the topping were also good. However the star for me was the onion rings. The breading/topping was crisp and did not fall off the onion. It made each bite delicious. I do regret not trying the milkshakes. One of those came by our table and wow it looked good... next time.
593	0	I know the servers are supposed to be "wise crackers" but there is a difference between being witty and being a complete ass. I can handle jokes.  When we sat down our bartender, Shane, barely even gave us the time of day. I didn't feel welcomed at all. I really felt like I was bothering him, and that is a very uncomfortable feeling.  Needless to say we didn't stay for dinner. We paid for our drinks and left. And Shane if you are still looking for your tip here it is... Don't be such a complete jack ass. How's that for a tip.
219	1	My husband and I went there on 2/19/2014, our last "full" night in Vegas this past trip.  I always wanted to try it but noticed it was rather pricey so I wanted to see what the consensus was before dishing out big bucks.  It was well worth the price though that's for sure.  We are already thinking about what we are going to order the second time around.  Our waiter was Dennis, don't recall the assistant's name but they were both nice.  We did wait a little bit though, which if the prior reviews didn't boast about the excellent service I probably would not have noticed and would have chalked it up to them being very busy.  Prior reviews were correct about the bread selection- all very good.  The salt on the butter was the BOMB!  We skipped appetizers and opted to save room for dessert.  My husband ordered the bone-in rib eye and I had the American rib cap.  For our sides we selected the mac/cheese and the truffle fingerling potatoes.  Let me just say- I could have just had the sides as my entree because they were both excellent.  Rich and decadent.  I almost felt guilty eating them.  But they were so good.  And let me say the day after they were just as good.  The American Rib cap, which I never heard of before, was excellent.  8 ounces seemed small but it was packed with flavor and with the sides, well I couldn't finish it.  That too tasted good the day after.  My husband's rib-eye although BIG was just alright.  Meaning we've had bone-ins before.  His had a little more gristle than we prefer so he's thinking he'll go with the rib cap next time.  For dessert, we went with the sticky toffee pudding even though I was a little reluctant after trying the one at BurGR- it was a little too sweet for my taste.  But the one here, at the steak place, was excellent.  It wasn't too sweet at all.  We are ready to go back on our next trip.
235	0	Like much in Vegas, pretty on the outside, but no substance.  Ate here twice on a recent business trip. The space, redecorated from its previous goofy pseudo-diner style, is quite nice, masculine and casual yet well-appointed, with a classy bar and the now-ubiquitious but still pretty old style light bulbs. Sat at the bar and had friendly and attentive service.   The breakfast was standard - eggs/toast/sausage/potatoes were like "diner plus" with a flavorful pepper mixed in with the potatoes and thick texas style toast. Fine. The major disappointment was dinner. I went in craving something just barely healthy (after a few days in Vegas I was desperate for a vegetable) and the main recommended entree at Citizens is a chicken/brocolli/potato plate that looked great. Unfortunately the execution was inexcusably poor, especially for a "signature" dish. The chicken was flavorless and dry, even with the skin left on. Broccoli rabe was undercooked and also flavorless, and the potato quarters were the least cooked of all, with a full half of them too hard to even cut with a fork, and inedible. Everything sat in a plate full of broth, perhaps that's in an attempt to disguize the dryness and blandless of the food, but even the broth doesn't help. Chow in San Francisco does this chicken/brussel sprouts/mashed potato dish that's just bursting with flavor and juiciness, and it's like 12 bucks. This $25 plate was just sad and pointless. Again, like so much in Vegas in general, it's an opportunity to spend twice as much on something half as good.
294	1	Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay..When i heard about this place i knew i had to try it..Well i did and I LOVE it..from the burgers to the fries and onion rings. I loved the curry ketchup. The burgers are your high end burgers..so its not cheap but well worth it. If you are a big burger fan you have to try this place whenever you are in vegas.
1717	1	OMG this was some of the best pizza I've ever had.  Went here with the mister around 8pm on a Sunday. No long line.  Awesome! We both got the ricotta and garlic and I got an additional slice of the green bell with sausage. I love that the crust was thin but with good flavor and that they serve you your drinks in red plastic cups hahha. Very comfy.  Yeah, there are no little signs to tell you what's what, but the guys there DO speak fluent English so you can just ask! Duhhhh. And if you have such a big problem with talking to people and asking questions, you can just point at whatever catches your eye. There ARE some combos that they don't have on the counter that are on shelves underneath.  You're guaranteed a fresh slice because that stuff is just going constantly.  I love that the place is not marked/listed on any directory and that you have to travel down a long hallway off the main part of the floor to find it.  Makes it feel kinda special.  Definitely coming back to try some of their other pizzas the next time I'm in Las Vegas!
1542	0	Two weeks ago I headed to TAO nightclub with a girlfriend and our boyfriends. Bringing the guys was our first mistake. We went because 50 Cent was hosting the evening. That was our second mistake.  Even with guestlist, free passes and wrist bands, we still waited a solid TWO hours to enter the club. The bouncers told us, point blank, that if we hadn't brought our boyfriends, we'd be in the door right away. 'Nuff said.  50 Cent arrived around 1 a.m. and, after a quick photo-op, I'm quite certain he went through the club, out the back door and left. He wasn't seen again for the rest of the night.   By the time we got in, it was packed shoulder-to-shoulder, the bars were impossible to access and room to dance did not exist. Needless to say, I was only more than happy to get out of there. Without purchasing bottle service, you can forget sitting down anywhere.  To be fair, I'm sure TAO would be great on any other night. The decor is stunning, the dancers are beautiful, the venue is spacious and the music was fantastic. However, next time we're in Vegas, there are a lot of other nightclubs I'd be more inclined to check-out before I give TAO another shot.
650	0	First of all, I and most of the people reviewing this place wrote this review to receive a free dessert for mentioning my server's name - Jorge. The food here is really not worth the price. The meat is hardly seasoned and the selection is terrible. One of their "12 cuts of meat" offered is pineapple. You would be better off just going to Texas de Brazil for better food for a better price. Also don't waste your money on all you can eat shrimp, it was served room temp with shell on and like most of the stuff here tasted like nothing.   Final note ; the free dessert looked nothing like the other desserts they had around the place, it ended up being a dry brownie with some chocolate icing on top.
930	1	My boyfriend loves Gordon Ramsay, so it was a must that we try his restaurants when we visited. The burgers are quite pricey here, but definitely worth it. We came here twice during our stay in Vegas and both times, the service & food was amazing!  On both occasions, we had a 15 - 20 minute wait. Others may have to wait longer, but it is worth it.  We ordered the Farm Burger & Hell's Kitchen Burger along with a few sides. The meat melts in your mouth. I would suggest ordering med-rare with a side of jalapeno poppers & truffle fries. They are to die for!  You will not be disappointed. If I am ever in Vegas again, this will definitely be a stop I will have to make.
1747	0	We sat inside because we didn't want to bake in the July Las Vegas sun, but the patio would be good for people watching.  Inside the music was too loud and while our server was nice, it took a while to get our drinks and food.  I had the carnitas tacos for a late lunch which were pretty tasty, but the meal was small.  The place is pricey especially for drinks.   Luckily I had the Yelp check-in offer for a free house margarita that the wife enjoyed.
1030	1	Exceptional!! From the minute we walked in until the minute we left. Amanda was our server and I would have to put her in out top 5 best experiences with a server. She was very sweet but very quick, efficient, and attentive. Definitely a great asset to the company. I don't normally post reviews but it is people like her that deserve recognition so I promised the general manager that I would do this. Great job Amanda!
1651	1	SO SO SO good. Local or tourist, you need to come here at least once and try it out for yourself. If there's anything I could ever go for, it would be Holsteins. I hate that I have to partially drive on the strip to get here as a local, but it's so worth it to me every time.   Buffalo Chicken Dip is a must try; looks funky, texture is different, but it's so delicious. All of their shakes are TDF.  Also try their homemade ketchup!
737	1	Shack Stack cheeseburger is much better than In N Out. The crisp-fried Portobello mushroom filled with melted cheese was so yummy! Cheese Fries is OK, and Coffee Shade is too sweet for me. And the prices are are much higher than In N Out. I will come back again.
793	1	Great food. Great prices (for the strip). Line was long, but moved fast. We had to wait for a seat, but eventually we got one before food was available for pickup. We went around 8:30 pm on Sunday night (Labor Day weekend). Wife and I shared Shack Stack burger and cheese fries. We had complementary water. Burger was really great. Portobello was loaded with cheese and popped when cut in half. Meat was cooked just right. Wife did not like cheese on her fries; I did. I am happy that Shack Shack is coming to Downtown Summerlin.
580	0	It was the third day away from NYC food in combination of eating Vegas style steak+eggs-ish meals .... Noodles really hit the spot, even at $15 a small bowl of noodle soup (which would easily cost $3.75 in NYC chinatown).  The food here isn't your typical Americanized chinese take-out.  Believe me, there is NO SUCH THING as sweet & sour pork or general tso's chicken in real chinese cuisine....  Noodles is on par in terms of taste.  If a restaurant can make money, have customers return, and write good reviews by serving food with 800% mark-up, bravo to you, seriously.  And for that, I refuse to give more than 2stars for such an establishment.   The only complaint I had was the bowls were rather small compare to what I'm use to (Universal order of #1 at any Viet pho restaurant.... Taiwanese noodle shops... or even Korean naengmyun noodle bowls), and they don't give you much broth.    Being that I was pretty sick of buffet foods and rich french (Vegas-style) cuisine easily price at $40+ per person, paying $15 a bowl of noodles was fulfilling.  PS - my Chinese parents would have died and hit themselves in the face with bokchoy and hot sauce if they knew I spent $50+ for a bowl of duck noodle soup, chicken congee, and roti canai.  Seriously, yo.
1466	1	I just finished eating at their shack meet up and I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed the food! The 2 best bites I had were the shack stack burger and the shack-ago hot dog. I also went classic with a simple vanilla shake and it was perfectly sweet.  The ambiance is very casual and there isn't any very convenient parking but it's a solid option especially around the NY NY.  Service was friendly and although very busy, all the areas I saw were surprisingly clean and orderly.  Next time I want to have more ice cream!
1695	1	Love this place! The atmosphere is great, love the decor. The BBQ at the table is so fun! All the food they bring out is really fresh and they give you lots of sides and sauces to mix it all with. Really great place for a date or going with friends. It's fun and interactive and the food is delicious! Can't wait to come back!!
1941	1	Absolutely fantastic. I had bone marrow, seared foie gras, and the hangar steak. Three very rich courses, but paired with the right wine, fantastic!  Service was excellent, their timing and planning was perfect in the way they brought out dishes. 3 courses, an aperitif, wine, digestif, took us about 2.5hrs total. $480 between three people. Will come back next time I am in Vegas.  If you are used to fine dinning and require Michelin stars goes elsewhere. If you enjoy an extravagant, (literally) expertly/perfectly cooked meal, come to bouchon.  Bon appetit
85	1	This is an over the top unique restaurant..that "nails" it on almost everything....and I'm giving it yelps highest grade...but I'm not certain I'd ever return. Its almost an exhausting gastronomic experience....I walked away from here completely satisfied....very very full.....yet almost mentally drained. Its a really happening place.  Its noisy...dark..hustle-bustle. we didn't really care for the atmosphere...not relaxing at all....our table was very close to the waiters pick up station..constant commotion going on.... the food is off the charts terrific...... .Christopher,our waiter, was very very good. Knew the ins and outs of the menu. Even in the frenzied atmosphere he took the time to walk us through everything we needed to know. Drinks are robust and made perfectly. the bread is almost a meal onto itself....he explained what we were getting.....soooo good! as apps...the british ale onion soup,the blue crab soup and the Caesar salad got high grades. My wife had the fishermans grill/lobster,mussels and scallop mix and loved it. my son,daughter  and I each had the roasted beef wellington...fantastic! Christopher explained twice why we didn't want beef wellington for 2..so we each had our single portion. you can't make this at home! mac and cheese side dish was fabulous. you must save room for the sticky toffee pudding for dessert..we shared....almost puts you in a sugar induced coma. All this comes at a high price but we all left here happy. this is definitely NOT your fathers old stodgy steakhouse.
1382	0	We were on the 19th floor and we still could hear the traffic below and ambulance sirens going down Tropicana Blvd. The walls and windows are extremely thin. We could hear everything our neighbors did and said. The mattresses were very firm and the piloows were goose down rocks. The decor was lovely, though. No shower cap. Very, very long walk from the elevators to our room. They really need to install a few more elevators because that walk from room 200 to room 335 was ridiculous. They need more shade by the pools, otherwise you will burn like hell in 117+ degree, which is what it was this past weekend. The buffet was $40 for lunch and dinner, $30 for breakfast and brunch, and it wasnt the best, but it wasnt horrible. Crab legs were water logged. Good dessert bar though. But what really makes me never want to return was the $28/night resort fee they charge you upon check out.  Add that to the room tax of $15.25, and there is an additional $43/night on top of your room fee. Oh, and you couldnt use the in-room fridge without paying and using a combination to unlock it.  And the TV kept losing reception, along with the internet, which made that resort fee even more absurd. Definitely wont be back.  Trump Towers, Vdara, and Wynn are much better for the money.
436	1	Not a lot to add to what's already been stated in previous reviews.  I chose the Hubert Keller buffalo burger and the sweet potato fries.  Best burger I've ever had!  Service was good and we were seated promptly.  I think the prices are reasonable for gourmet burgers.
676	0	First time here in 5 years or so, came for my 71th birthday, from Banning.  Long way to go for so much dissapointment.  I've been coming here since the mid sixties as distance, work  and time would allow.  Glory years of living in Hollywood found me there quite a bit.  Today I tasted the new hot dog, did not like it, different spicing and poorer quality than they used to serve.  Had chili dogs and fries around noon, now 7 pm and am still dehydrated as hell.  MSG in the fries, dog itself??? What gives?    Used to be a destination trip of 200 miles round trip, not any more.  Sorry Pink's, but you are not what you used to be.  Wondered why the line was shorter, now I knowi.
180	1	I was here twice in one week during a convention, the second time was greated with a welcome back, nice ot have you again.  The service was perfect, not in my face but not ignored and my water glass was never more than 1/2 empty.  As a grey haired woman of a certain age, I am honestly not used to be treated with such respect and courtesy.  And, of course, the food was great, especially the smoked beef tartare, which was outstanding.  I was also impressed with the wine recommendations.   I must compliment Mr. Teresi for his oustanding staff
991	0	The ONLY reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do have pretty good sushi.  HOWEVER - the hype about this place is so overdone that the staff has a huge attitude and they do not know how to treat guests.    My husband and I went around on a Thursday night.  We were staying at the Venetian (the hotel connected to the restaurant), made reservations for both the restaurant and the nightclub.  After waiting an HOUR we finally got a table.  The place was dark, loud, and the layout made you feel very crowded.  It was difficult to see what we were eating, let alone have a conversation.  We dropped about $400 on dinner (we were celebrating and had a bottle of Veuve).    After dinner was over, we said we had reservations for the nightclub, the entrance to the club was literally 20 feet from our table.  Well, we had to get up, go outside the club, stand in a long "special line" and then wait in another "special line" in order to pay a $20 cover to go back through the restaurant we just left, back up the stairs we just came down, in order to get in.    Pathetic.    When we got inside, it got even worse.  The place was packed (it was only 10:30 p.m.!).  The bouncers were rude, the place was pitch black in some places - so it was a lot of bumping into people.  I would estimate that about 80% of every room in the entire club was sectioned off for VIP.  So unless you are ready to drop $300 on a $40 bottle of vodka, don't expect to have any room.
309	1	Such good burgers.  The other reviewers do not lie.  Don't let the prices on the menu - especially the nickel-and-diming for additional condiments - fool you.  You may pay $20 or more for your burger, but you're getting a burger that's worth more than that.  Your Inner Deliciousness Accountant will balance the books and nod approvingly.  As if being a quality burger joint weren't enough, they have a surprising selection of craft beers available.  I was not expecting to find Dogfish Head IPA on the menu three time zones out of Delaware.  I went with the Fat Tire Ale, though - highly recommended.  I liked it so much, in fact, I drank six more the next evening, BUT THAT'S A STORY FOR ANOTHER TIME.  And in case I haven't made it clear: yes, the $16.00 Kobe Beef burger is worth it.  Protip: tourists, this is a bit of a walk.  Once you get in the front door of Mandalay Bay, you still have to walk through the casino to its attached shopping mall, Mandalay Place, and circle halfway around.  Do not let the Urban Outfitters and LUSH outlets fool you - this is not a mall diner.  This is the velvet rope of burgers.
660	1	When I first heard that my cousin insisted on dining at this staple in Las Vegas, I had visions in my head of a fancy place with modern lighting and wood tables and such. You know, the stuff that celebrity chefs do when they go to Las Vegas, which is an underrated food city. Imagine my surprise when we're driving to the restaurant and it's off the Strip. Not only that, but the restaurant is in this little strip mall. No bells and whistles or anything from the outside.  But when we get inside (and a reservation really helps because otherwise, you're waiting hours on end for a table), it was such a different story. Ten guys and we order a bunch of food. Now, I'm not a fan of Thai food but I think I'm getting more adventurous with trying food. I heard just endless raves about this place and I had hoped it was warranted. After that meal? It was warranted. I tried pretty much everything we ordered. Not one dish was a weak link. I loved, loved, LOVED both the beef tamarind and the butterfly shrimp. The beef was cooked really to perfection. No blood, grilled right without a slightly burnt taste. The shrimp was crispy and so tasty. Great food, very little noise so you could talk to people at the table, servers who let you eat in peace.  Great place. Every Thai place I go to anywhere from now on will just be second rate in comparison. That's the sign of a worthy restaurant.
781	0	The place was so unorganized, and to be 'politically correct'....It's GHETTO! The employees, the food, the clientele...GHETTO! We were afraid just the parking lot alone, why they do not hire security! But, if you love your fried ochra, fried chicken, corn bread and ice tea....this might be "your joint"!....just don't for get to wear the bullet proof vest!.....
1593	1	This was my first time at Bachi Burger and I will definitely be back. I work in the evenings and by the time I'm off, most places are closed so I'm extremely happy to have found another late night place I can enjoy dinner at.  The Miyagi San burger was amazing. Hands down the best burger I've ever had. We also ordered a side of fries with the pineapple ketchup which were good as well. The portions were great and filling.  On top of that the service and management were wonderful.  Can't wait for my next experience here.
524	0	Paid for all you can drink out of beer only had wine.  They gentleman at the bar kept saying he would have some there soon . I did notice at the end of the meal they had some.  Food was under seasoned over cooked. My husband and I kept going back to try anything that was not dry overcooked. The root beer he ordered was flat.. Had a very difficult time finding anything that was palatable. Made a salad. Very disappointed. Service was nice that was the only positive I could come up with. This is our second time at this buffet we thought we would give it a second chance. We will never make that mistake again.
475	1	VEGAS'S BEST KEPT SECRET! You have to go up in the elevator where the guests stay so it is pretty well hidden. This is as good as it gets in terms of brunch. The food was so phenomenal but what really stood out to me was the service and ambience. I felt like I was transported back to another time where waiters wore black ties. The courtyard were we were sitting reminded me of the Sound of Music. Regal!
1873	1	As someone who grew up around NYC, I know good New York Style Pizza. And this fits the bill perfectly. The thin crust has that nice crack to it when you fold it and is crispy enough to hold the end up in a triangle so you can eat on the go. The wait wasn't bad when we went, under 20 minutes from the middle of the unmarked hallway on a Saturday night. That makes me think that unless a ton of folks are ordering whole pies, even a line out the door is under an hour.  I applaud them for not offering ranch - that's some weird midwest or west coast topping that folks put on pizza to mask how awful it is. Unnecessary for NY Pizza!  $5 a slice seems pretty shocking at first, but it is in a hot casino in the heart of Las Vegas Blvd, so I won't hold it against them. $4 for a Coke in a Solo cup is lame, so we bought the 2L bottle for $6.50. What a markup!
958	0	I used to visit this buffet pretty regularly because they HAD a keno board which there are only a few left on the strip. Now that it's gone there is no reason at all to eat here. The selection is eh, the food is eh and the price is the same as some of the better buffets on the strip. I will say that the service is pretty good. Unless you have a coupon for a free or very discounted buffet I would probably skip this one.
1504	1	After a terrible dinning experience at the food court at Green Valley Ranch, I was pleasantly surprised by our dining experience at the Grand Lux at the Venetian.  I have been there several times and have always enjoyed it, but this was the first time we went with our 3 girls.  We got right in, had amazing service that went above and beyond to help make it a nice dinner despite having 2, 4 and 6 year olds with us.  The Cobb salad was as good a salad as I have ever had at a restaurant; fresh, high quality chicken, bacon and blue cheese.  Wife loved her smaller chop salad.  Girls devoured the edamame, volcano shrimp and sliders.  I spent twice as much on dinner as the night before, but felt like we got a bargain.  Can't say enough good things about our diner.
659	1	This morning I brought my mother and daughter in for breakfast. We had Oscar as our server. Oscar had a great attitude from the second he came over to our table. He was very attentive and friendly the whole time we were there. Food was awesome as always, just wanted to make sure Oscar was recognized for his great service.
1154	1	This places is fantastic!!  Erin was our server for b'fast last Saturday and she was great!  Good prices, great food and very friendly.  We went twice over a 2 week tour of NV and CA. Would highly recommend going here to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip!
1546	1	Boyfriend and I came here on a whim.  It was our first day on our Vegas Vacation, and we came in hungry.  We both love burgers, and we were staying in the Luxor.  As Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, Burger bar was close.  Absolutely delicious.  I made my own burger and my boyfriend got the buffalo burger.  We were both blown away.  Serious deliciousness.  The service was also prompt.  We came in for lunch, so I don't know if the dinner crowd and service may be different, but our experience was quick, friendly, and hands down delicious.  We will definitely be back.  YAY for BURGER BAR!!
1554	0	The only good thing at the buffet was the salad, besides that it was mediocre at best.  The Mirage buffet was worth every penny at 32$.   Even if TI buffet was 10-15$, I would still go next door and pay the difference, it was that much better.   Selection, flavor, you name it.
1145	0	The food is subpar here. The Rio is way better. I came here because it's part of the Buffet of Buffets.  Go for the Cotton candy and pre-sliced crab legs. The chinese and indian stations looked very sad. I made myself fancy salads with chilled shrimp and snow crab legs.  The crepe station makes sweets only. It's really greasy compared to the Paris buffet.  It's a pretty small buffet.
1583	0	The location of this hotel is great, for the price, it was close to everything we wanted to do. However, the hotel is in a sad state of disrepair. The beds are uncomfortable and we paid over $20 a day resort fee to look out the window at a disgusting almost empty  mildew pool being renovated. All of the horrible pictures are correct. The elevators are terrifying, and one even closed when we came back from lunch. The casino is small and feels like a frat house, and the staff look bored and uninterested , but they are nice. You don't get lost here though and aren't a 30 minute walk from the room in the hotel. Which is nice. The rooms are relatively clean but don't expect anything  to work properly. The televisions are old tube tvs and are probably 15 years old but whatever. The food at Hooters was not great but the waitresses were ok. Don't expect anything and you won't be disappointed.
623	1	I prefer the Palazzo location over the Venetian location.  My favorite is the French Toast during brunch.  It is crispy on the outside and soft, warm, and gooey on the inside.  I have never experienced French Toast like this, but I am hooked and have been since trying it a couple of years ago.  I always order it with a mimosa, freshly sliced strawberries and bananas, and it includes the caramel syrup. OMG!!!    Yum!
776	1	Was recommended this restaurant by my cousin.  My bf and I sat by the large window overlooking the garden outside. Really pretty view. The restaurant gives off the "I dont try too hard" vibe. It's cozy but not TOO cozy. It's classy but not too classy. It's somehow casual too... but not TOO casual. You get the pt. It lets its food speak for itself. I kinda like that sometimes. Anyway, Two things I remember from this place:  1. the bread which was DIVINEE! Flaky on the outside soft on the inside. Perfection! 2. the scallops. OMG.. BEST scallops ive had in my life and trust me I've had a lot of scallops. It just melted in my mouth. It was so tender, cooked perfectly. It was a well put together dish but honestly the scallops were so good they could have held their own.  Everything else was forgettable but I do remember they were delicious. I hardly remember our appetizers, our sides, or desserts. I think my bf's entree was the salmon but it sadly limped in the shadows of my scallop.
1113	1	I highly recommend this place. The food was really good and the service excellent. We ordered the Gangnam meal for 2, but it fed 4 people nicely (although you probably want to try some other things too). It gives you a sample of many different meats. Plus, if you write a review, you get a free desert! The price is a little on the higher end, but definitely worth it.
1473	0	I wanted to like this place, but the bad outweighed the good.  Westin:  Stop charging people a surprise fee of $15/day that they are not advised of either upon booking or check-in.  Not good for business.  Also, please consider your levels of service.  If you are charging as much as you do, make sure you have more than one person managing your check-in/general question desk in the lobby area.    Please, Westin - staff your concierge desk.  Also, make sure that your employees at least pretend that they care about the clients that are paying a lot of money to stay there.  Unless you pay attention, expect to go out of business in this location.  Read the reviews online about how people hate your fee that you surprise them with.  Live and learn, please.
966	0	Skip this place and go to Texas de Brazil! The food is mediocre and the quality of the meat here is not the best. The hot good in the salad bar area left a lot to desire.   If you pay extra for the seafood option you will regret it. We were with a large party and the waiter received at least $400 tip, way too much for the service he provided. Won't be back.
4	1	Our server  was breeaanda? She was super nice and helpful. We were  originally sat outside but someone in our party had a fear of birds so they were able to relocate us inside. Our server was attentive and help and friendly. Chili Omelet  was the best!!
1575	0	I expected better from here. The sliders weren't that tasty and became a chore to eat after a while. The chicken rings tasted like frozen dino nuggets (not even as good as Dino nuggets). I also had the vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good. It tasted like an In N Out shake, but sweeter. The fries weren't that bad either, I would eat them again. Lastly, the onion chips were probably the best out of the whole meal; they were really crispy and delicious.   Overall, I wouldn't come back here by choice but it wasn't a HORRIBLE experience. Their staff was friendly and service was quick, impressive since it's pretty full..being on the strip and all. All and all, i say come and try it out for yourself. It just didn't meet my expectations.
646	1	First time trying Korean bbq and it was really good. A little pricey, but you get a lot of food. We had a group of 6 and were fine with a meat lover combo for 2 ($55.95) and a couple other sides. The wait staff was very attentive and patient considering we took awhile to figure out what we wanted.
779	0	Clean and sterile like an operating room.....  Such a strange feeling to walk into Lee's Sandwiches, which is not quite a yogurt store, grocery store, or a sandwich shop, but some type of odd mixture.  There are overpriced "Imported from France" goods for sale on a few shelves throughout the store.  It's a random selection of cookies, teas, and other things you probably wouldn't buy when you're cruising for a sandwich.  The yogurt machines are on the wall, like you would see at a yogurt store, but I'm not sure about the topping selection; it looked sparse at best.   Now, onto the sandwiches.  The menu on the wall above the registers is big and colorful.  The pictures look exactly like the sandwiches do, which normally would be a great thing, but here it's a disappointment.  I went with the BBQ Pork sandwich.  These are in the style of Bhan Mi, but really subpar.  The bread is missing that great crisp you expect from a baguette.  The flavor of the sandwich was muted as well, and even biting into big slices of jalapenos and bunches of cilantro I couldn't really get into the sandwich.    There is now a $10 CC minimum if you plan on using plastic, but really, you're better off just going somewhere else.
1368	0	Every time I drove by the Caesar's Palace I would see the serendipity restaurant and I've always wanted to go there  I finally went it was a huge turn off I wanted to sit outside and I there was a 25 minute wait we sat outside on the tables the tables were dirty our waiter Who had a full beard was really rude we didn't even get napkins with silverware we ordered what we wanted my husband ordered a beer and the waiter was just very rude we felt rushed to order when my husband got the beer it wasn't even that cold another waiter walked by and we had to ask for napkins and silverware because the other one that was assigned to us didn't even provide it honestly it was a huge turnoff I won't go back I had high expectations  For a restaurant that is in a very nice casino I think it just wasn't what I expected the place was very dirty one of the waiters picked up a plate from the table across from us I believe she got something on her finger and she licked her finger that was very unprofessional perhaps the people there should pay attention to detail and be nicer and clean up
772	1	Peppermill ended up being the place that most surprised me in Vegas, I wasn't really sure what to expect but now I recommend this place to anyone I talk to who is planning a trip to Vegas.   We came during the afternoon brunch so my I don't have anything to say about the Fireside Lounge [except that I really want to try it out next time].   We came at a pretty random time, like 2 pm or something on a weekday and were quickly sat. The best way I can describe the interior is that it is like an old fashioned diner with a modern twist, it is colored blue, pink and purple! One thing I noticed is that it seemed well maintained and clean, unlike many old school diners and other places on the strip.   Service was prompt and friendly, checked on us the right amount of times while also letting us pig out in peace.   There were many many things I wanted to try on the menu but I opted for an omelet, it hit the spot and was a TON of tasty food. I definitely recommend this place for food after you have been walking the strip all day and have worked up an appetite. The price was more than reasonable for the amount of food you get and we all left stuffed and happy. We also left with a complimentary souvenir photo of our group - fun touch!   It is a fairly simple looking place from the outside during the day which could make it easy to miss, it is up on the northern part of the strip sorta near Circus Circus.   If you are looking for an affordable place to stuff your face in Vegas - definitely try the Peppermill!
10	0	Waited 15 mins only to be seated outdoor when we specifically requested indoor.  Looking around in the restaurant there were plenty of empty seats. Not sure who or what they were expecting... We came for some dessert but our stomachs turned when our desserts arrived - massive portions and sloppy presentation.  The taste and quality of food was mediocre.  They get away with overcharging on this garbage made from cheap ingredients.  As well, the interior decorating and ambience was a disappointment too, certainly far from any "Vegas" standard.    You'd be much happier and satisfied by going to Dairy Queen for dessert.
1076	1	I've been to the Egg & I several times, and each time breakfast has been great.  Went once with my wife and I and sat outside and enjoyed one of their excellent scrambles and a delicious benedict, both of which we really enjoyed.    The second visit was this past weekend with my parents and brother and sister in law.  Food and service were both fantastic.  I had the chicken and chorizo breakfast burrito, while others enjoyed the cordon bleu skillet, a chorizo skillet, a french dip sandwich with cajun fries and an eggs benedict.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food, which was brought very quickly given how packed the place was - talk about an efficient kitchen.  Our cups (water and coffee) never ran dry and the waiter struck the perfect balance between leaving us be to enjoy our meals and making sure we got what we need.  Will definitely be back in the future to this outstanding place.  Love it!
1496	0	This place can't possibly love burgers!  On a short trip to Vegas while staying in the Plazzo we decided to have dinner at I Love Burgers.  We were greeted, seated, asked what we wanted to drink, cokes delivered, then order taken, everything was normal at that point.  While we sat and talked time slipped by and 30-40 minutes went by without anyone checking on us.    Our waitress came to the table and told us that our order had been lost by the system; we were finally brought our Mac and Cheese Fries after another 10 minutes all the while sucking the tail end of a coke.    When our burgers were delivered they were dry, dry to the bone, tasteless poor excuses for a hamburger, not to mention a 16 dollar hamburger not including fries.  When the waitress came by and asked us how everything was (at that most inopportune time when you have a mouthful of food) my wife said "Well, the bun is good."  The waitress said great and motored on.  I have to say you will find a better burger at 5 guys, or even Red Robin.  Not only we will not be returning on our next trip, but we tell all of our friends about the awful time we had.
881	0	Where do I start? We were seated at a table in the center the waiter seemed nice at first. He offered us a great coupon if we ordered a pitcher of sangria or margherita, and said it was a great deal. So we ordered the Margherita. We ordered the all you can eat salad and meat and added the seafood ( overcooked shrimp) and went to get our stuff from the salad bar. That's where it turned bad. The person tending was cleaning the dropped food off and it back into the containers with his rag, seriously disgusting!!! So we skipped eating that. Our sad plates were never taken away, and fresh plates for our meat was never given. We had to use the salad plate, and pushed what little we had on them to the side. If my feet hadn't hurt so bad we would have walked somewhere else, but I needed the break. So we gave the meats a try... the shrimp was bland and chewy. The only 2 meats that came around were extra extra extra well done and disgusting. We were ready to walk out... so upset this was my birthday trip and dinner. He said oh you're done (after he had been lost in a portal somewhere, for quite some time) I replied yes I can't eat this stuff. We expected for a manager to come over... nope, that would be good service. Instead he brought us our bill and showed us what 20 &25% tip would be. Really? A tip for no service, bad food, lack of meat selection and a recycled salad bar? Seriously avoid this place at all costs. I have never done this before but I will be handwriting a letter to the management so they know just how bad this experience was. Overall: service: terrible Food : there aren't words to explain how bad it was both selection and taste Cleanliness :  horrid!  Pushing dropped salad bar items back into the containers on the salad bar. Can you even imagine what goes on behind closed doors?
1520	0	Awh. My meal here was $27 and I got a hamburger and fries and a pop.  My friend and I could not agree on a place to eat, and by this time on our trip, tensions were running high between us. We compromised on I  Burgers. This was in the Palazzo, where we were doing some high end shopping and browsing.  I eat hamburger and fries a lot, and I was unimpressed by this high end place. I love going out to eat at nice places and am willing to spend the money, but this to me was not better quality than a Mcdonalds. (Which I hate) I wouldn't come here again. I understand that it is in the Palazzo, but I still don't see why the prices were so high.  It was just a hamburger and fries to me, but my friend did get a nice Tshirt here that brightened up the journey.
576	1	Love going to Burger Bar at Mandalay Place.  Great selection of different burgers from the buffalo patty to the Kobe along with a large selection of toppings and offerings.  I've had the American Classic many times with cheese and bacon for a nice juicy burger.  The hangover burger is great with the coleslaw topping and it definitely helps after a night of drinking as its name suggests.  Full service bar to eat when dining room is full is a plus and the friendly staff make sure the order is right every time.  The onion rings are super crispy and cooked to perfection every time.  Sometimes I'll do the fat fries that complements the burger of choice well.  Great place to watch current sports events while dining on a delicious burger.  The mini tvs located in the dining booths are a great idea and makes it feel like watching tv at home and having a meal.
1839	1	Awesome place!! I looked this place up in YELP but was a little scared of the neon lighting and drinks shown in the first couple of pictures ONLY because I was traveling with my husband and our eight month old baby. Thought it would be more of a lounge than a restaurant. But I asked over at the Wynn where would they recommend a great restaurant for breakfast and they mention "Peppermill". I was then convinced and headed over. When walking in you can't help but see the neon lights and the purple furnishings. But once you actually sit down and your food comes to the table you enjoy the ambiance with the delicious food. Very good, would recommend and come here again!
358	1	Our server Patrick was exceptional and the food delicious.  I had the chili rellano omelette and it was a flavor explosion!  The Diablo potatoes that come with it are amazing.  Couldn't stop eating them!Yummy! You get a free banana nut muffin for checking in on Yelp.  It was warm and tasty.
1040	0	This review is for the management and the bouncers.  Let me tell you a story.  I just flew into Las vegas, had a nice dinner with friends from out of country that I haven't seen in a very long time.  Then we decided to go to the night club that was in our hotel the Venetian.  I believe it was around 3:00AM when something terrible happened.  A random dude comes out of nowhere and punches me in the back of the head.  At the time I was dancing with my friends on the dance floor.  I was not in anyone's way and wasn't even interacting with anyone outside my group.  So the punch hit's me in the back of my head and my glasses.  So I look at the guy that did this to me and ask him "What the fuck are you doing?"  and he just says "Fuck you blah blah blah".  Then the bouncers come out of nowhere and grab ME!!! NOT HIM! BUT ME!!! forcefully as if he assumed I was the one who started the commotion.   I was guilty of giving a man a finger but only after I was assaulted and lost my glasses.    As I was being grabbed and pushed backwards outside some side exit I try to tell the bouncer who has his vice grip on me that I did not do anything and that I am blind without my glasses (I'm -7.5 in both my eyes) and I need to get my glasses.  He ignores me and when we are outside acts like he does not give a single fuck about what I am saying.  Again I repeat to him for the 5-6 times that I really need my glasses and I would gladly leave the premises ASAP if they would just let me look for my glasses.    He continues to ignore what I am saying until he pushes me outside.  He the asks for my ID.  So I give it to him.  In my mind I assume he was filing some kind of incident report (but this was not the case since I called back the next day and there was no evidence of the incident happening according to management/security).  So why did he take my name down?  Why did he need my id?    Then the bouncer has the audacity to blame me for his broken watch, like really?  How could that have been when I did not resist you and you had my by both my arms so tight that it left bruises on my body.  Yes people bruises, and yes I do have pictures.  I was shocked that he would handle someone so fiercely even though I did not assault anyone nor threatened him in anyway.   So I tell him I didn't do shit to your watch and I really need to get my glasses.  Another bouncer comes in and tells the bouncer who threw me out of the club for being hit in a head by someone else to go look for the glasses.  That bouncer leaves and the other bouncer says something like "we are trying to run a business and we are trying to end this disturbance...." So at this point I was really angry.  I continue to explain what happened and that I really need my glasses since this is the 1st night of my vacation and not having sight really puts a jam on things.   Talking to this guy proved useless much like the last bouncer.   So the bouncer that threw me out comes back after 3-5 minutes of "searching" for my glasses and says I'm shit out of luck.  They get my number and escort me out of the club and simply say "if we find your glasses, we will contact you."  So end of the night, nothing happens to my attacker and I lose sight and I don't get so much as a sorry for the bouncer's behavior.    So I later that night I file a report with the Venetian Security.  There was supposed to be a representative from Tao present at the time of the incident but I was told by the Venetian front desk that they will not be coming.  More proof of zero fucks given by Tao security and management.    I call the next day to security office and I file a report supposedly with one of the girls there, since there was no report failed from the next before.  They say they will send a email to the "Director Victor" who runs the show at Tao.  I am told I can only have someone from Tao email him because it is impossible to reach this "Director Victor" by any other means.  Really?  Really?  Okay let's just believe in that bullshit.  They did ask me what kind of outcome I would like to see happen.  I mentioned my trip is essentially fucked so that was worth a couple of thousand to me and my glasses was worth around six hundred but I did repeat multiple times that the money is not as important to me as getting my sight back.    So a day goes by I call them again and again I ask them to contact "Director Victor" by email since there is no other way he communicates.  More days go by..  no answer.  So I'm back in NY now and still no answer after a couple of weeks.   So "Director Victor" thank you for making Tao so memorable for me.  They way your people conduct security and the way you do business is something I will keep near and dear to my he
848	0	During my first visit, I had the laksa and having tasted laksa in Singapore, I thought their serving was pretty good. So I had high hopes when I came back here for their other noodle dishes like wonton noodle soup. Unfortunately, it was mediocre and overpriced. The serving of noodles was not generous and the broth was sub par.   It took more than ten minutes for the order to be taken because the waiter seemed to be lost and not in the restaurant. However, when I asked for the bill, it came in snap.  I won't come back unless I wanted to satisfy a laksa craving.
104	0	OK I have as good of a sense of humor as the next guy. Probably better. But this place just plain rubbed me the wrong way.   I understand the premise of the place, staff treating you like garbage and you're supposed to laugh it off as part of the charm, but for real, you gotta draw a fuckin line somewhere.  My story: A friend and I came here to grab a drink and we see a bunch of people wearin these weird paper hats with things like "asshole" and other insulting shit like that written on them. I won't write what some of 'em say because they were just plain gross (especially for a place that serves food), again, understand where the line is.   So I start talking to one of the bartender chicks and she tells me the hats are insults that they label individually and, in one of the most twisted compliments (may have been a pass, I really don't fuckin know or care to know for that matter) I've ever had heaved at me in my life. She says to me "like if I was to make a hat for you it would say 'You're not worth the AIDS I'll get," I really couldn't believe she had the gall to say that, but I managed to maintain my cool and dish it right back to her saying "right on, so if I was gonna make one for you it'd say 'titties in progress' right?" then just turned around and walked away.   I'm not HIV positive or have AIDS but can you fucking imagine, if I did, the lawsuit I could file against this place?!?!? Also if I did, that would just not be in the most poorest of tastes to say. Even for a place like this.  Anyways the moral of the story is, know when to draw a line if you're gonna run this type of joint because it's a pretty slippery fuckin slope and shit could get real bad throwing words like that around.
1406	1	The pizza was delicious. The price , however was chocking, 5 bucks for a slice. After 2 huge slices I was still hungry.  It is better if you get a whole pizza for 25 bucks and is enough for 2 or 3 people, it is huge. The place feels like you are walking into a restroom, but the pizza's good. They make lots of $$$$$$
1229	0	My friend and I came here for lunch on a whim.  We had no idea the waiters are supposed to be sarcastic, rude, and insulting until our waiter shouted, in the middle of our meal might I add, "You guys need some napkins?"  and threw a huge wad of napkins in my face.  I thought they were going to make us do the dishes next.   The food was gross and it was served with a plastic-wrapped fork and napkin, KFC style.    It was a memorable experience.  I'd go back if I secretly hated my eating companion(s) and wanted them to be humiliated.
414	0	Old, old, old, and too far down the strip.  I stayed here to go on the cheap.  Not next time.  They really ticked me off the last day.  First, they tacked on an energy surcharge when I checked out.  Is this something required by law of all the hotels now?  This did not happen before.  If it is not law, it is crap!  They should have just added it into the price of their crappy rooms!  To top it off, we went the night before to print out our boarding passes.  they guy at the desk said he couldn't help us, even though he was just chatting up his co-worker.  He told me I could either use my credit card for the machine in the lobby or to go to the business center in the morning.  Assuming it was free (remember, my friends, what it means to assume!) we walked allllllllll the way across the hotel to be informed that there was a dollar a minute charge to use the internet and a 50 cent fee for each sheet of paper we printed off, even though we were guests of the hotel.  What if their internet was as slow as their hotel is old?  It would have cost us a lot for a dollar a minute!  What a load of crap!  I realized then how far away I was from the Bellagio...  One star because they are next to the Peppermill, one of the best places for breakfast in Vegas!!!
218	0	Its true what they say, "you get for what you pay for".  From the start of our visit, the room was dirty.  The bathroom was obviously used, bed was undone, there was beer cans in the trash, and the sink was filled with dirty water! Really!!!  I call room service which took them a good 20 minutes to get here, not to mention the other 10 to 15 minutes it took the maid to clean it.  On top of all of this, the ice machine was broken, the TV remote did not work, and there was no mini fridge.  I digress, really!!  Its true that its the cheapest of the bunch, but come on, really?!!  I caution everyone before they book a room here.  It would of been nice if they comp the room for us or at least give us another room.  Oh by the way, i'm still waiting for the engineers to come to my room and fix the TV/remote control.  Been waiting 20 minutes now.  Only nice thing about this place, is that its right next to the monoreal which drops you of on the strip.
324	0	Don't waste your time!!!  I was in a good looking group and skipped the line just to spend the next hour in a line to the over crowded mosh pit( No room to dance at all), then a pushy line to Tao Beach...no dancing....then back in a pushy line back to the over crowded main level, then to a 40 min line to get out!    We almost reserved a table...so glad we didn't!  The crowd often pushed right into the people at the tables.  There is nothing exclusive at all about Tao.  They obviously pay the celebs to come.  I gave it 1 star vs no stars because the staff was kind of nice and the girls in the bathtubs were hot.
179	1	Date/Time: Sunday ~ 8:30pm Occasion:  Bachelorette party dinner Party of:  Six Ordered:  Half dozen oyster appetizer, Steak Frites, Fromage dessert Location: Cutesy Italy-like look, open spacing, nice romantic lighting.   Total incl gratuity: ~$66 pp  I am impressed.  I didn't what to think initially but there was not one item that I, or any of the other girls, ordered that we were not pleased with.  The oysters we got were an assortment but by far the best oyster would have to be the Chelsea Washington oyster.  It as though I slurped up a piece of buttery goodness.  My mouth is watering thinking of it.  If I could go back in time, I would order a dozen more of those.  My flat iron steak came with a mountain of fries.  The meat, which was medium, was SO good considering it was a flat iron steak.  The girls tasted my steak and were in love.  The endless fries were crispy and a delicious compliment.  I had a bite of the pork chop, which was amazing.  Tender, succulent, juicy...the way pork should taste.  As always, any where that serves cheese will always get me so I ended my perfect meal by ordering the three cheeses for dessert: Valle d'Aspe (sheep's milk), Mt. Tam (cow's milk) and the Onetik Bleu (sheep's milk).  They were magnificent!  I thought the prices were incredibly reasonable, service was friendly, and the food was absolutely delightful.  Would I return?  Most certainly so.    Good choice!  Job well done, Thomas Keller! :)
1275	0	Worst check in ever! Been in line for 30 minutes, worse than the dmv. slots are tight, cocktail waitresses even more so! the best thing about this place is that its across the street from Circus Circus.  oh and the happy hour at the R Steakhouse! 5$ bowl of steamed clams, oysters, row of 3 sirloin sliders or habanero chicken wings.
1944	1	The portions were huge. My husband had the chicken and waffles. The chicken could have had more seasoning. I have the chorizo hash which could have been better if they turned down the flavor (too salty). The drinks (I had the orange crush; my husband had the blt bloody marry) was on point and we floated around for the rest of the day. We will be back when we come to Vegas!!
518	0	The casino: It has my new favorite slot machine! Deal or No Deal.  There's something about opening up those silver briefcases that really gets your adrenaline going. It's awesome. Other than that, the casino is small and a little too smokey for me.   The restaurant: The service was super slow. It really shouldn't take that long to defrost chicken wings and slap some hot sauce on them. It took at least half an hour for our order to come out and when it did, our food was cold. Maybe it's because the Hooters girls were too busy taking pics with the bachelor party in the corner. The hot wings weren't very good anyway. I've had better ones at El Torito (which isn't saying much).
547	1	I returned again.  This time for breakfast.  The hostess was a turn off upon my check in.  The dark hair hostess was stone face and unwelcoming at guest arrival.  Poor attitude! Once seated, all services are back to normal.  My waiter is very informative and won't give in until I hear him out of all options.  I went with his recommendation at the end.  It was the right decision.  You will not go wrong with the bakery plate ($13 for four selections).  The sticky bun is a must have.  The rest are all awesome.  Get more downstairs at the bakery for to go.  My corn beef hash was meaty and not oily.  My soft broiled eggs were made perfectly.  Skilled!  However, the coffee is was little weak and lack of flavor for such a strong restaurant.  All in all, I am pleased with my breakfast at my favorite LV restaurant.
674	0	We stayed at the Hilton Las Vegas in the past, but DON"T confuse the LVH with the HILTON! This is no longer the HILTON!! I didn't realize this when I made my reservation on Expedia (my mistake). This place is smoky and run down. The first room we were given had broken curtains that would not close. I called the front desk and we were sent to another room several floors down from where we were. This room was clean, but the ceiling had a huge water stain. The carpet also had stains. We kept the Do Not Disturb sign in our door. We didn't trust anyone going in our room. The safe was $13 a day to use!!! What??? That's ridiculous!! We went to the diner cafe place and it is way overpriced!!!! My husband and I split a $11 bacon and cheese omelet...blah! What happened to the cheap Vegas prices?? Not at this place! We also tried the Vince Neil restaurant (see review..NOT recommended!)  Most of the staff working this hotel and casino had no personality or seemed rude!! I ordered a drink at the bar and I was playing video poker. I noticed a bill in front of me, so I asked the bartender if my drink was comped for playing. He picked up the bill and said, "don't you see? what does this say?" RUDE!! The only reason I am giving this place a 2 star is for my winnings of $600, but we do not recommend staying here!
378	0	Never paying $20 for beef noodle soup ever again... No matter how fancy u make a beef noodle soup... they can add gold flakes and serve it in crystal bowls... Bellagio or not, I am not paying $20 for a mediocre beef noodle soup ever again. They used so much MSG in it, I felt sick and fell asleep at 10pm... lol.  I also tried my friend's fried rice... it tasted so mushy... Sorry Noodles.. but never again lol
1445	0	This iconic bigger chain popularized mini slider burgers.  I found them fairly tasteless, skimpy, and unsatisfying.  Going in I had very low expectations of the burgers but even then I was not satisfied with the product.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone and I will definitely not be going back.
1152	0	I've heard a lot of good things about this but I wasn't impressed. I went during lunch to the outdoor portion. I think the food was overpriced. I think I paid 11 bucks for just an average salad. They have outdoor seating but there was bird poop on all the seats and the birds fly everywhere while you eat. I'd still like to try the frozen hot chocolate, but other than that I don't plan on going back.
427	0	It was OK but not great.  I had heard so much about serendipity from my wife after she visited the NY location so we had to try this one in Vegas.  At 3pm our waitress was a little disappointed that we only orders desert and no food.     I got a traditional sundae and it arrived very melted. Tasted kinda plain to me.  Not nearly what I expected.
120	1	I went for lunch. I got a pesto scramble and I have to say this was one of the best flavor combinations I've had in a while. There were eggs, pesto, whole spinach leaves, cheese, and I think some tomatoes scrabbled to fluffy perfection.  My fianc got the western omelette and he said it was the best he's ever had.   We bought a groupon at $24 for $40 worth of food so it was a good deal too, but I am definitely coming back in the future.
1907	1	I would love to post a detailed, coherent and eloquent review for this place.  All I can really say is that it was amazing.  I went with a few friends on Friday.  We had a short wait for a table for 5, nothing unexpected.  I got the Kalbi burger and it was the most amazing burger that I've ever eaten.  Everyone else loved their burger (with the exception of the guy who got the Mr Ho's burger; he said it was pretty darn good, but didn't rave to the same extent as the rest of us.)  Our group was in town for 3 days, and we thought about going back on Saturday and even thought about trying to go back for lunch on Sunday before our flights.  It's that good.
1008	1	Everyone is sooooo nice here. The customer service is great and of course the food is amazing. Not only will I be coming back as much as possible I will recommend it to my friends. I'm not a huge beef person but I got the lonely bird which was recommended to me and it is more than delicious. Milkshake infused alcohol is amazing as well. Everything is just so perfect about this place.
1772	0	The hotess greated us and sat us took a while for the waitress to come take our order she was to busy talking with the staff. Once she took our order we watched her again took about 5 minutes for her to enter the order into the computer another 5 for our drinks and then our order was screwed up. The waitress never checked on us and gave us the bill with the item we did not get. When we told her she seemed shocked and had the manager take it off. Service is horrible would never go back even for a free meal better burger places in vegas then this
1392	0	The Creme Brulee is the only reason I give this 2 stars.  The Prime Rib Is tasteless and tough.  The Shrimp and Crab Legs were water logged and tasteless.  The Lamb had no taste whatsoever.  Pretty sad that hospital food had more going for it than the Buffet.  I am glad we used our buy 1 get 1. I wouldn't pay full price otherwise.
797	0	So I was in Vegas over Thanksgiving week and we were going to go to the Bellagio buffet on Thanksgiving day. There was a 3 hr wait. We decided to go to the MGM buffet being that we were going to the David Copperfield show at the MGM that night. There was no wait....... For a reason. It was well below average. I thought it was a level above Sizzler. I don't expect much from Sizzler but I do expect more out of a huge hotel like MGM. Food was dry, bad low end choices. It has variety but quality lacks. The weirdest thing is that all the meats were scattered everywhere. Most buffets I've been to have stuff grouped together accordingly... Not this buffet! The buffet was $40 but should have been $20. It you're not worried about quality, this buffet is for you. You probably have a better dessert choice at home.
838	0	First of all, if you're in a Tix 4 Tonight line wondering whether or not you should buy a discount ticket to the Cravings buffet, I'd advise you to choose another place.  But more about that at the end of my review.  The food itself was nothing to get very excited about.  The high point was the Andouille sausage which had a kick to it and real flavor.  Ironically, the low point was the Cajun chicken, which looked the part but had little flavor and was so dry it was barely edible (and I prefer dry poultry to juicy).  The rest of the food, as many pointed out, was pretty bland, kind of like Golden Corral with less choices.  They do have free alcohol, so if you're more interested in drinking than eating, this may be the place for you.  I don't drink, so this was little consolation for me.  Another Yelper recommended getting a discount coupon.  I had one and came at about 1:00 PM for lunch.  The coupon (from Tix 4 Tonight) listed a lunch price of $11.99.  There were three of us, so I was expecting to pay about $40.  Imagine my shock when the Cashier announced my bill was about $80.  I told her I wanted lunch and she told me they weren't serving lunch "today."  I went ahead and paid and immediately checked their website on my phone only to discover today meant ever.  There is no reference to lunch, only Breakfast, Brunch and Dinner.  Is the Mirage or Tix 4 Tonight to blame for the bait and switch/misrepresentation?  I guess that's a question for the Nevada Attorney General to figure out, I'll update to post any response I get from them.  But given the cashier's slick reply I'm guessing it's the Mirage.
1411	0	I'm still not sure how or why I continue to let me family members book rooms when I go to Vegas, but for some reason I do.  The last trip we stayed at the Tropicana, quite the nightmare, but nothing compared to the ABSOLUTE SHITHOLE that is Hooters Hotel and Casino.   The elevators don't work most of the time.  The A/C never works in the hallway.  The place smells of mold, ass and old cigar smoke.  The rooms are on the smaller side and make sure you stay away from the bar stools in the corner as they are a death trap waiting to happen.  Just trust me on this one.  The rooms are also dirty, especially the bathroom.  My favorite are the little notes around the room.....  Note #1 - We are trying to conserve power and energy, therefore, we would really appreciate it if you would use the same towel twice before we replace them.  (WHAT?!?!??  That's just gross, maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I didn't find blond hairs all over the bathroom.  By the way, those of us in this room all have dark hair.  Black more specifically)  Did I mention the three tempature escalating shower I was introduced too.  Nice, Cold, HOTT!!  Nice, COLD, HOTTTT!!  and so on.....  Note #2 - Again we are trying to conserve power and energy and would rather not change the sheets on every visit.  Face it, you don't change the sheets at YOUR house everyday, do you?  (Well no, but I also don't have left over blood stains on my comforter either)  I understand the saving energy thing, but not in vegas, we are at a casino for fucksake.  Lights on and blinking 24 hours a day, yeah, way to save Hooters!!  The food, well, disgusting, but it's Hooters what more could you ask for.  Just a side note, I learned at Hooters that the gals, in the black shorts with their Hooters uniforms are the pregnant ones....I've never seen so many pregnant Hooters bitches in my life.  I just don't know how I feel about that.  When all is said and done, I still give Hooters two stars for the $800 I won gambling, (did I mention I'm not a gambler) and the bartender "Guy" at the bar to the left when you walk in.  He was an awesome guy and a great bartender!!  The best part of all, was knowing I only had to stay two nights, because my last two nights would be spent in a suite at the Venetian!!
785	1	I found it!  Best/worst idea ever was using my friends review for help, even though he gave an important clue, I was sent to the wrong floor, doh!   I ordered the white cheese pizza slice, and my  wife ordered the mushroom slice.  Delicious cheese with feta and garlic that melted in my mouth on every bite.  The mushrooms on my wife's slice were very fresh; she added red pepper and parmesan cheese to complete her pizza bliss.  Pizza is thin and pretty decent size; with the cost of 5 dollars a slice or 25 for a whole pie(16 slices), this eatery is a broke drunkards dream.  We will definitely  be back for a whole pie to take on the road home, or have for dinner if we lost our butt at the tables.    If you're in the Cosmopolitan casino leave there and go to the mall area.  From there go to the third floor and find a pool table.  You should see a hallway with vintage albums as wall art.  Follow it down, order and enjoy your victorious slice!
1869	0	The reviews for this place made me afraid to eat here, and overall this buffet was a let down. It was especially disappointing because even though my visit was free, I would have preferred to totally skip this buffet because it honestly wasn't very good nor was it worth the exorbitant price. It reminded me of a Golden Corral/low end chain restaurant, and definitely not a Las Vegas resort/casino buffet.  The good: The desserts were good. Decent coffee too. Sides like mac & cheese were okay. Chicken tika masala was okay too. Decent flavor profiles to choose from but it was like 85% "American food".  The bad: Almost everything fell short of my already low expectations. The hot crab legs were laughably small, overcooked and fishy. The dude serving up the crab legs seemed like he hated his job and was extremely rude to customers that didnt tip him. They were out of crab crackers and didn't even have wet wipes or cloth napkins available to clean off your hands after hand picking the crab. Most of the steam trays were either empty or filled with food that wasn't fresh. There seemed to be a ton of sloppy, visually unappealing food.   I left feeling disappointed and smelling like rotten seafood. I pretty much ate cookies for dinner. I will definitely not be returning.
1618	1	The food and service here every time I visit is excellent. The owner Patrick and his staff are awesome and always ready to serve and take care of their customers! I will never stop coming here! Whenever you are in Vegas, you have to stop by and check it out! Love it! :)
1291	0	I'll start the review by saying that I have very mixed feelings about this hotel. There were definitely some good things about MGM, but overall we were left with a bad feeling about staying here, and will definitely not ever stay here again.      Before coming to Vegas all the way from Minnesota, I had booked a Grand King room, and was required to put down a deposit on the room, and then received an email confirmation saying that I had a RESERVATION for the Grand King. When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk informed us that we were unable to stay in the Grand King room anymore and would be placed in a Double Queen. Although the double queen wasn't so bad (it had a really nice view of a big green wall!), we were upset over the fact that we had reserved and expected the King. After expressing my dissatisfaction with the front desk, he said "I'm sorry about that." So I pressed a little further until finally he said the only thing he could do was offer me a buffet credit, which was really no help since we already had received a free buffet voucher online (after eating there, I now understand why they are so willing to offer so many free buffets...yuck). So, we ended up staying in the Queen for the weekend, and the room was pretty decent for the most part.      During checkout after our two night stay at the hotel, I again asked a different person at the front desk about the situation regarding the room, and she seemed very unwilling to talk to me and responded with "sorry about that." So then I asked her if this happens often, and she explained to me that MGM does not provide guests with room RESERVATIONS, they only provide guests with room REQUESTS. I guess if I am traveling halfway across the country to stay for the weekend, I would rather stay at a hotel that will have a guaranteed hotel room waiting for me when I get there.      Upon returning home from our trip, I provided feedback to the hotel online & explained our situation, hoping that they may attempt to resolve the issue, and was sent an automated email response within about 30 seconds containing an apology. Usually I'm very lenient with this sort of thing, since I work in the casino industry and have to deal with guest issues all the time, but usually when things like this happen, I'm used to seeing employees and the company acting like they at least care slightly, and I've always been under the assumption that Vegas resorts offer decent guest service. I guess I should lower my expectations next time.      Overall at MGM, we met some really great employees, and some really terrible employees. A lot of the people working here seem like they don't want to be here and didn't want to help us out (could be that we are a little younger, and they didn't think we would tip them).      However, there were some really great employees that offered us really great guest service, and were willing to help us with anything we needed. Some of the departments that really treated us with respect were the bell services desk and the house keeping crew.
1080	1	Atmosphere 4/5 Service 4/5  Food 5/5: Country Natural medium rare with: Portabello mushroom Carmelized onion Onion bun  --Juiciest and most flavorful burger, in comparison to other highly rated burger joints like: The Counter, Kuma's Corner, Fatburger, Fuddruckers, Five Guys, In and Out.
1953	0	I went here a few days ago and I have to say I'm totally disappointed. I sat at the bar because everyone knows the best service is always from the bartender but that's not the case here. Service was slow and inattentive the bartender wouldn't talk much and appeared to hate his job. I ordered the signature blood orange Margarita and it wasn't that good I've had much better elsewhere. I had the street tacos and it was ok not very spicy but super salty. Rice was greasy and lacked flavor beans were strait from a can. Skip this place there is bunch better in Vegas.
689	0	Empty dining room at 7:30 pm?  Should've know it would suck.  If I'm paying $20 bucks for below-mediocre tex mex could I have a glass instead of a frat party plastic cup?  I'm trying to think of something that I liked about this place besides my company and I can only come up with "well, at least I didn't get food poisoning".
1323	0	TOURIST TRAP WARNING!!!!  So not worth all the hype. Regular ice cream, regular luke warm chocolate, regular luke warm coffee with a dash of cinnamon - oh, I know why I'm giving the 2nd star, because of the other servers who extended great customer service experience - cause ours (Karen K) seemed to be very angry with the world & pretended to be courteous to us.  I kinda felt bad for her in a way.  What's happening to quality service today? Augh! #fatbill #badservice
620	0	I gave the MGM Grand Hotel 4 stars in my review for them. Too bad their buffet wasn't on the same par. If Charles Barkley ate here, he probably would have said that the food was "turrable...absolutely turrable!" I understand that food (and just about everything else) in Vegas is overpriced, but if I'm gonna pay $20 for a lunch buffet, I would expect better. I did like the fresh fruit they had, but everything else was just...meh. I don't consider myself as someone who's hard to please, but damn, they've got to step their game up here.
459	0	Thought this might be fun to try on a our trip to Vegas but I would definitely give this a miss. We ordered a lot of the dumplings (not great, and I know dumplings!), plus some noodle dishes, a soup (bland broth) and the Mongolian lettuce salad (the vinegar was overpowering and the sauce gluggy, as if it was out of a bottle).  We then had some tacos and these were much better (especially the carnitas and duck tongue). The Cosmopolitan seems to be full of hen's weekends so the restaurant was full of big bridal shower groups, not our scene.
569	1	I am a fan! I have heard about Bachi Burger forever and was happy to see it and when I drove by, made a U turn!  The way I judge a burger is by the flavor of the meat. I cannot eat gluten so I do not get to have the joy of a bun, so when a burger is seasoned well it is a pleasure for the palate. Bachi Burger does it oh so right that I did not miss the bun. I was in heaven. We both ordered the Kiki Burger, and I wish one would have tried a different one but I now have a reason to return! The meat,the carmelized onions, mushrooms and cheese was pure decadence. I give the server props for letting me know the sauce was not gluten free! That was a touch I truly appreciated. I also liked that there was extra lettuce to make up for the bun, it is a great touch because it is annoying to pay the same for getting less. It was just juicy and oh so good.  We shared the oxtail fries. They were very good and the portion is very large. In fact, half came home. The meat was tender, flavorful and a nice kick. It was too spicy for my Mom even without the jalapeos but I was happy to finish them off. Next time if I ordered the fried it could be with another side as it was too much food! I want to try the other fries as well, so I will be returning'  I hear it is busy all the time, so as far as service goes I suggest not going at peak service as it is not large, so one may have to wait for excellence.The concrete floors and high ceiling makes it a little noisy but that is also the urban vibe. We had one main server but several different servers and busses came by to make sure we were taken care of!  The is one of the best burgers I have ever had, 5 Stars!
818	0	No wonder Tix4Tonite were pawning these tickets to us.  Bad.  Hubs and I came by Tix4Tonite to see what show tickets we could grab for the night scored on Zumanity tickets at 70% off.  Awesome.  They also told us about dining options which we figured, what the hell? How bad could it be?  We spent $19/each and got our vouchers for Pampas.  The food is descent.  But hella slow! Jeez people, this is a churrascuria.  You are supposed to walk around with yummy meats and slice them onto my plate!  WTF? Everyone was cleaning and shit.  I want my meat!!!  We saw maybe 3 guys walking around with meats the whole hour and a half we were there.    Never again.
1002	0	Food portions here are absolutely vile, there is just no need to serve such huge plates of food especially when you see the amount going back to the kitchen wasted.  You see enough homeless people in Vegas and this wastage just annoys the hell out of me.  The service was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning, we were seated straight away but it was absolutely ages before we placed our order with the waitress and then again for drinks to turn up and then for the food to turn up.  The quality of food was on par with Dennys but was at least twice the price.    I won't bother with this place again, maybe dinner is better but I won't be giving it a try.
1743	1	Victoria was our server and she was AMAZING! i believe there was a "shift change" at the start of our meal and that was the best thing that could've happened. when our previous server said (verbatim) "what you drinking on?!?" i knew we were going to have problems. anyhow, Victoria more than made up for the ignorant server and the food (late breakfast) was quite tasty. ordered a few coffee's, scrambled eggs w/hashbrowns, sausage, bacon and OJ + to-go burger with fries :)
1705	1	this was a mind-numbingly good meal.  It's rare to see a restaurant be innovative with breakfast--rare to see them break out of the eggs-1000-different-ways mentality. But Hash House does so, and succeeds.  They have a wide variety of unique breakfast fare, as well as traditional fare stepped-up a notch in quality.  The portions are absurdly large, which is probably why the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict was featured on Man Vs. Food. The pancakes are superb, as was the Sage Benny which is bacon, fried chicken and eggs atop a biscuit atop mashed potatoes, all smothered in a chipotle cream sauce.  Additionally, the cast of Pawn Stars was seated next to us. But expect a wait for a table, this place is hopping.
845	1	Hey! watch out now.. cus the southwest is comin' up! Bachi Burger, MMMMM! I would end the review there.. But Bachi deserves more than that. Seriously, forget the burger truck. Bachi can stay right where it is and I'll come to them anytime. I've only been here once. Thanks to Yelp, it has led me here. But with my stomach willing and all... I would come here every day.  I came here with three others being all Bachi virgins. So we ordered a different burger each. That way we can try eachothers. The inside is fairly spacious and simple. I ordered the Bahn-Mi burger. I'm not sure what Bahn-Mi means, but I'd assume it's a vietnamese sandwich except in burger form. I got to try the ox-tail chili fries and the parmesan truffle fries. Both are deservingly tasty, but I love the parmesan truffle more. They had taro boba but no hot taro milk tea =/. What was more important was that the service was quick and friendly.
971	1	Came with a group for dinner (Burger for dinner, really?). However, I got the $24 Huber Keller burger (Buffalo meat, Caramelized onion, baby spinach and blue cheese on a Ciabatta Bun. Served with red wine and shallot sauce) and a side of onion rings (substitute for skinny fries) and it was the best burger I ever had - hands down.  With a glass of red wine - heaven.
1666	0	Wooooow! Where do I begin?  My cousins and I were looking for a great spot to grab a drink before heading to the airport to go home. We head to the bar and the most unfriendliest steroid filled bartender comes over to us and doesn't even greet us. He just stands there until I actually speak first and request a Michelada. He doesn't even acknowledge my 2 cousins and he walks away to another bar to bring me a beer in one cup and a salt rimmed cup with bloody Mary mix in a separate cup.... "the salt gets crazy that's why I didn't put the beer in it".... what the whaaaaaaat? I ask for a michelada and you bring me a build a bear workshop? Get outta here. I can go on but I'm so annoyed at his service. We left right away. Never going back. Only giving it 1 star because I have to. If you're having a bad day, call in sick.  Don't bring your attitude to the bar. Jerk.
968	0	They really need to re-evaluate on having a buffet.   With so much history, at the MGM Grand and this is what they have to offer. It's rather disappointing and I would say the worst buffet in Vegas I've had in the 10 years I've been coming to Vegas. Either they don't listen to the reviews or they just don't care. To me it's ruining MGM's image and unacceptable.  The food quality is below par with the exception of the desserts which is slightly better. Everthing was either overcooked, or dry. The atmosphere reminds me one of those $11.99 Chinese buffet. Never again.
1912	0	This hotel is such a waste of money, your better off staying in a no name hotel. I had to get a last minute room on a busy weekend so I really had no choice.  In a nutshell The minute we got to the hotel no one helped us, valet person just watched us open our trunk and get our bags out, until I finally asked him for a luggage cart  Got inside our room, old t.v., trash can was so stained and old it was so gross, the water in the shower kept going super hot to super cold, the t.p. was so thin we went through two rolls in one day, the walls were patched everywhere, our bathroom door handle didn't work, the air conditioner was a wall unit (old), also we could hear the people in the next room through the bathroom vents.  I gambled in the Hooters casino for 1 1/2 hours and never once saw a waitress so I was unable to get a drink.  Bottom line this hotel is a total WASTE of money! There are better places to stay for the money. I should have known better then to say here but like I said I didn't have much choice.  Crappy restaurant and even crappier hotel and casino.
151	0	Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
1898	0	What is there to add?   ROOMS  PLUS-Room in the Monaco Tower was clean, the bed comfortable, the water pressure fantastic, and a tub that drained quickly.   MINUS-My brother booked the conference rate....big mistake   CONFERENCE CENTER  PLUS-Lots of rooms and adaptable to the needs of our workshop   MINUS-Time warp to the '80s   CASINO  PLUS-The lights were on and the machines worked   MINUS-Dowdy, rundown, and stank of encrusted smoke   FOOD/OTHER SERVICES  PLUS-None (the lights were on)   Minus-Only went to the buffet for dinner. Better bet: exit the hotel and go to the Peppermill next door.   I'm not quite sure how the Riviera survives in the cut-throat environment of the Strip. They must get enough bus tours and conferences to keep the dollars flowing. It is convenient to Circus Circus and a short walk to the Wynn. If you are looking for an experience of the Strip today, keeping walking. If you want a cheap room in a run down hotel, the Riviera is the place for you.
1712	0	Tao is one of the most beautiful and spacious clubs I have ever been in. Seriously, it is like the best feast for your eyes. In every way this could be a place out of a movie. The cool and trendy Asian fusion inspired place where a major scene occurs.   But the thing is, you can't enjoy it at all. The line outside is insane, there must have been 1000 people in line when we got there at 11:30pm. Then we managed to cut the line due to the "finesse" of some guys we met in the casino. As soon as you get in, you are literally shoulder to shoulder with someone. I guess I'm lucky to be decently tall for an Asian girl, otherwise I might have suffocated in shoulders. Not only that, they totally skimp on the air cond. I mean seriously, Vegas is HOT, the only reason to go clubbing in Vegas, vs the normal home town is that you expect the eye candy to be better and to finally by graced by the presence of being cooled from the heat. But it was cooler outside the club in the middle of summer that is how hot it was. It was so dark and crowded I couldn't make out any candy. Then the dance floor was packed, literally the only thing one could try to do to dance is jump up and down.   Lame. The one thing was that the drinks were ok, but drinks can pretty much be ok anywhere you go. I would totally pass on Tao, if it weren't so pretty inside and the music wasn't decent, which it was, I would have given it one star.
1749	1	I rarely eat burgers so I figured if I'm going to splurge I'll head to Gordom Ramsey's BurGR! I ordered the blue burger and sweet potato fries! Way too much for me to finish, but so freaking delicious! I thought everything was awesome, including the service! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and try his other restaurants!
1925	0	We waited in a line and paid $28 for our dinner - plus an $11 all-you-can-drink option!   On a positive note the drink option is awesome and they have a literal plethora of food. They also had hot steamed crab legs which was a huge plus. Unfortunately there wasn't anything I thought was delicious. They really had a problem keeping hot food hot and cold food cold. I would not recommend this to anyone with taste buds.
1640	0	Perhaps I can't write a completely accurate review because I was sharing a hot dog and hamburger with a lame person who only wanted grilled onions on the dog and sauteed mushrooms on the burger  (seriously?? no effing beef chili, no cheese, no nothing!?  jesus).  But just based off the actual hot dog and hamburger, they weren't great. The hot dog wasn't the juicy, thick tube of meat I was anticipating.  Instead, it was a thin, dry, floppy thing that looked like one of those balloons you tie into animals.    The hamburger wasn't much better - pretty overcooked.  The fries, however, were decent - crispy, fresh and hot.  I didn't get the onion rings, but they looked like they could have been pretty good too.
133	1	Hidden little gem in Cosmopolitan hotel! This place has no signs, and they do not advertise it. It's one of those... if you know about it type of thing. Funny thing is, I learned about Secret Pizza in an airplane, and knew I just had to try it for myself.  It's tucked away in a little hallway, full of people who just got done clubbing. I guess some can easily say it's drunk people food. Absolutely not!! I believe they do not advertise it because it is "Secret Pizza" after all.. I think this place would appeal more to the young adults. There are no actual tables, and just a little bar counter with a few stools and chairs... maybe five? There wasn't really a place to eat, and it would have been pretty awkward to eat there while the line of people stare at you because of the way it was arranged. I recommend getting take-out! Long line, but they do try to get you out of there as quickly as possible. The crust is extremely thin I assume so it can cook much quicker, some of the veggies are pre-cooked in advance, and the mushroom is sliced paper thin to reduce cooking time.  I've eaten pizza from here at least 10 times, and I think it's safe to say it's my absolute favorite pizza joint!   The pizza is delicious! I think it's one of the best one's I've ever had. I still crave it...... WHYYYY do you have to be sooo far away!?!? Well I think only in vegas will I be willing to cough up $40ish for my pizza. Worth every penny though!! The slices are very big, and they are pretty generous with their toppings. I ate at almost every eatery/ restaurant in Cosmo, and I must say, this place was my favorite! I had to eat here twice, and still craved for more!! The menu is literately typed and printed on normal computer paper. The cover of the menu simply says "Pizza"  I ordered a Five Toppings "Pie"  $29.00 -18 inches, 10 slices. Each Additional topping was $2.25 Toppings Pepperoni Sliced Sausage - Yum! Meatballs Roasted Tomatoes Fresh Garlic- Added a very nice touch Green Peppers Mushrooms-sliced so paper thin to reduce cook time..almost couldn't taste it! ): Onions Ricotta  Overall, I can't wait to go back!! I would highly recommend this place, enjoy!!!
1514	1	One of my favorite restaurants anywhere.  The Kobe beef burger is...um...well it's making my mouth water just thinking about it...    The Burger Bar offers a wide variety of burger choices, but the real fun is in the topping choices (ranging from the ordinary: tomatoes, pickles, onions...to the extreme: lobster, black truffles!!!).    Good drink choices (quite a few beers on tap) and wonderful homemade fountain sodas.  Excellent sweet potato french fries.      My favorite there, however, must be the "Chocolate Burger" dessert.  It's a warm glazed donut sliced in half (to look like a hamburger roll), a round slab of chocolate grenache, fresh strawberries, fresh mint, mango gelatin and raspberry syrup.  Great stuff.    If you're in Vegas, check out the Burger Bar!    Here's the website: http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbar.htm
1390	0	Eek! Methinks not is RIGHT.  I wanted to come here to see what all the hype was about. Sorry East Coast, White Castle did nothing to me. It did not wow me. It did not make me go crazy. I just felt like poop afterwards.  It was so expensive (maybe because it's located directly in the middle of the strip), for what it really is. A little slider.... with a weird piece of looking meat. And you can tell they're already made just sitting there, waiting for someone to pack it once you order it. It wasn't great nor was it horrible, it was just blah. And no one told me but they put ONE pickle in it.  I know it's a classic, but it ain't for me. Sorry fans. I'd rather spend my money at In-n-Out.
1255	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! Thomas Keller, you are amazing. This is a MUST try brunch place in Vegas; I will take this quality food over 3+ hours of waiting for a buffet anyday. And this being my second Thomas Keller experience, and just as good as the first (Fleur de Lys, San Francisco), I am determined to try every Thomas Keller restaurant possible in my lifetime.  We had a 10-15 minute wait on a Saturday morning Christmas, but it was nice because we lounged around and looked at their menu beforehand. We did have a service problem. But I still gave them 5 stars for the way they remedied it. They brought out one of our orders before the other... WAY before. I think we waited a good 15 minutes for our present order to get cold before the other one came out. However, like all top-notch French restaurants, impeccable service rendered the mistake to practically nothing. The service:  - waiter apologized many times - brought out assorted fruit plated in a cup by the chef - offered us drinks from the bar on the house - the restaurant manager herself brought out the dish and apologized - the dish was put on the house, cutting our bill in half  Service, service, service. They are AHHHMAZING, polite, speedy, attentive, and friendly. Except for that period of time where our waiter was a bit MIA, everything else was flawless.  I was a bit skeptical about their chicken and waffle, because... chicken and waffles? Thomas Keller? Most popular item on the menu? ...uhh, come again?  I was very happily proven wrong when we ordered it anyways. Chicken is usually too dry and waffles are usually too sweet. This chicken... I don't think I've tasted chicken so flavorful WITHOUT the gravy or waffles so flawlessly textured and flavored... add some of their gravy to your chicken, and some butter and syrup to your waffles... I could die eating this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day for the next year.  I got the crab special... I forgot what it was called, but it was a weekend special of crab, macaroni, and cheese, baked and topped with scrambled eggs and black truffle hollandaise sauce (black truffle anything, HOLLA!). I ate every bite even when I was stuffed up to my esophagus because it was that good.  Get their orange juice, by the way. Super fresh and a perfect balance of flavor to your meal. Judging by the flavor of the orange juice, I'd assume their mimosas to be great as well.  Ambience was wonderful. This restaurant is located near the Venetian hotel check in. You take a separate elevator up to a different, more secluded lobby by the pool, and the decor inside the restaurant is classic and has windows that look out to scenery.  Great service, nice ambience, and AMAZING food... I will most definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.  Psst... check out Bouchon Bakery downstairs after your brunch and take something to go. You won't regret it!
390	0	Horrible.  In the dungeon of the pyramid.  Went for breakfast but the food was bad.  I bit into a sausage and thought it tasted funny.  I wondered if it was turkey but it was super bitter.  Green inside apparently they don't check the food before they reheat it and serve it.   I told the only staff member i saw and the response was "oh". Not sorry not oh my god where did you get it from.  Nothing.  I live in Nevada bTW
276	0	I would say the 3 stars is representative of how the restaurant's food is but for some reason our service was terrible.   There's a to-go window right next door for those who don't want to wait 15-20 min. I came by for lunch on a Saturday at around noon, and placed an order of the beef Thai salad at the to-go window since we were hungry and wanted something to eat while we waited.  Once we got inside, for some reason it took forever to flag down a waitress. When we ordered (orange smoothie, ABC burger and pizza with onions and spinach), she came back 5 minutes later asking me to repeat my order, and if I wanted it for here or to go. What the hell is that supposed to mean? If I'm dining inside the restaurant, why would I want it to go??  When the food finally arrived, the order was wrong - they gave us pizza with mushrooms and spinach, and the burger came with a side of french fries which I didn't want - the waitress never asked us for our preference on the side. I asked the server to bring back a side of the coleslaw instead of the fries.   At first I was going to give this restaurant 2 stars but thinking back on the experience, that one waitress definitely ruined it for me.
1194	1	I've eaten at a lot of nice burger places in my life, living in SF (Umami Burger, Burger Bar, Roam Burger) and the burger I had at Holsteins was the best burger I've had. This is one of the best casual dining places to eat at the Cosmopolitan. It's on the second floor, across from Race Sports, China Poblano and Marquee. If you're thinking of eating at China Poblano, go here instead - it's 1/3 of the price and 3 times better.  There were a ton of creative burger options on the menu, as well as great looking milkshakes (probably equal to your entire daily caloric intake). Everyone raved about the Rising Sun burger and I've never had a Japanese twist to a burger before, nor a Kobe beef patty before. It was as good as the pictures look, and as good as everyone raves about. For $17, the bun was toasty and fresh, the teriyaki glaze was not too salty or overpowering, and the meat patty was moist and delicious. I couldn't really pinpoint the exact taste of the spicy mayo and furikake, but I'm sure it just complemented every bite. The crispy yam bits and tempura avocado added the perfect crunch.   My only complaint was the burger was a little hard to eat (it was super tall), and hard to get a little of everything in each bite, but nothing that would prevent me from ordering this again and again.  I paid $2 extra for onion rings which were perfectly fried, crispy, and fresh.  Each bite was perfection - my mouth is salivating thinking about this meal. I haven't eaten a lot of burgers in Las Vegas, but I don't need to try any other places - I'll just keep coming back here to repeat this burger and new ones.
1024	1	Delish. 2nd time I've been there and just as good as the 1st time. Got the special, Hobb's Pork Loin Benedict and it was uh.maze.ing!! Oysters were fresh and so cold. And their bacon is the best. EVER. Everyone delivers solid service and the food won't disappoint. Will be back next time I'm in Vegas. #obsessed
471	0	For those who wanna try the noodles here, the sauce is good, above the average, but sadly the noodle worth only one star, it claims that it was hand pulled noodles, but it's not, or pulled by a bad chef, too soft, maybe I will consider it when I am 120 years old.
48	0	I came here mostly because I had a buy one get one free coupon for cocktails. The disclaimer says under 9 dollars... Too bad there are 0 cocktails for under 12 dollars so I just stuck with a water.   My girlfriend got a wet burrito and she ate just a bit because it was "way too dry". How does that happen with a wet burrito?   I ordered a BBQ pulled pork. It was the worst thing I've ever had in my life. It had drown in so much sweet BBQ sauce that chewing it down was almost torture. The sweet fries are on par with Applebee's. I was looking forward the corn on the cob for a nice crunch but it was actually soggy like it was dropped in a puddle. I've honestly never heard of soggy corn. Was this done on purpose? How do you mess up that bad?  The best part was watching some drunk kid sing karaoke from my sticky table.  Instead of going to the casino after, I just went up to my room.  I'm actually writing this from my toilet. Wish me luck.
1031	0	The only thing I give this place is for the location it's a nice place to visit. But the service and food was horrible. I would rather spend the money at a nicer place with better customer service. The waitress her name started with a "p" she was dismissive and she didn't really have a lot of tables (I've been a waitress before). It looked like everyone else was serving her food, she forgot things we ordered and bad customer service. At the end of lunch we decided to have dessert- but she ignored us and gave us the bill. I guess we won't stay dessert- both worth eating here. Please try to visit tatorria bakery service is fantastic and food is great!
1962	1	OPMG can't go wrong with anything! But my favorite is the the hammered pork tenderloin eggs benedict with cream sauce!!!!!!!!!1 Its bigger than my freaking head and I only finished 2/3s of the damn thing soooo goood.... the bacon cream sauce they put on that thing is so delicious.... and my runnder up is not the sage fried chicken eggs benedict pretty massive and really good..... Coming here is my new Vegas tradition!
1744	0	This buffet was mediocre. We only ate here because we had a coupon from staying at hotel. There was no seafood. I would rather pay more and go to a better buffet that had seafood. After all that is why the buffets in Vegas are so great. They did have a good dessert selection. Cotton candy machine, ice cream and mini doughnuts.
877	0	I made a bad choice coming here for breakfast/brunch.  My husband and I didn't want to drive out and we should have!  I ordered the biscuit with sausage gravy-- eggs where rubbery when they were supposed to be poached! Waffle was bland and the breakfast burrito was okay.  Even my son's kid's meal did not taste good.  We could went to Hash House or somewhere else for almost $90 bucks!!!! Lesson learned
33	0	This place is awful and I can't even believe Caesars palace allows this place to stay in business. When I think of quality I think of Caesars and this was not it.  I have been there before and it wasn't that good so i thought maybe they were having an off day but it seems that's standard operating procedure.  We had the beef brisket noodle soup and it was awful. The beef was 3 chunks of boney fatty I don't even want to call it beef that would be an insult to the cow. The soup was cold! It's a noodle company according to the name and they can't even warm up the soup?!  For $16 I could of eaten an entire smorgasbord in Chinatown for that price. I also had the red bean bun and it was the worst red bean bun I have ever had.  You can go into Chinatown and have dim sum and get the best red bean buns at Orchid Garden.  If I was from Beijing I would be insulted that they were trying to pass this off as something from there.  It was very disappointing.  I guess I'm gonna have to go to Chinatown to get a descent bowl of noodles and hand made red bean buns.
581	1	Located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmo, you will find a long, dark hallway covered with old schooled vinyl records that will lead you to the secret pizza joint! One of my favorites. You can order by the slice, which is $5/pop, or what I usually do is order the whole pizza back to the room to eat. It's definitely worth it even if there's only 2 people because you can always microwave it for another time! Be sure to call and place your take-out order about 40 minutes in advance to avoid any lines! They have an assorted variety to choose from, but my favorite is their white pizza, which is filled with garlic, cheese, and olive oil. Perfect after a long night of drunken fun!
775	1	On our way out of Vegas we stopped in for breakfast at Bouchon.  I had the french toast, it was truly the best I have ever had.  It was as beautiful as the picture in the cookbook I have been drooling over for months.  It lived up to all of my expectations.  The hubby had the daily steak and egg omelet special.  It was delish, the meat was tender, and the side of bacon was plentiful and yummy.  It was served with brioche with house-made jam which was wonderful.  I wish I had some to take home.  I can't wait to go back!
862	1	Simply fantastic place to eat. The service was 5 stars and the place was packed. Our server checked on us constantly, when he found out it was our first time he dropped off two free muffins and never stopped making sure we were good with everything.   The Chile relleno omelette was fantastic and it came out hot and delicious. Normally packed restaurants suffer in service but it was quick and ready and service was on point. No wonder 2000+ hits gave it more than 4 stars.   Stop by and you won't regret it.
1487	0	Lets start with.. at least they get your Thai Tea to you when you order it not like *PHO KIM LONG* OTL  OK now with that out of the way lets start the review..  I was anticipating the arrival of Lee's Sandwiches due to a ton of people praising the place.   The bread was so HARD that it cut the roof of my mouth!  The lights were dreadful to stay in! The intercom kept playing the same annoying commercial every dang second!   The servers were at least nice and welcoming when I was there.   Lets just say only reason I'll go back is for the THAI TEA and soft serve  2stars just for the Thai Tea.. lol
824	0	First of all the prices are way too high, I ordered the Chinese taco, the oyster used on it (one only) was either canned, or long past due. The rest was greasy and odd tasting.  The potatoes with mole where French fries with sweet mole.  And the lamb potstickers were still raw in the middle, the cumin doily they cooked with it knocked out ANY lamb flavor.   What a shame, the concept was good, the execution crappy.
17	1	This is the best Thai restaurant I have to been to.   Didn't expect the food here to be this amazing. It's located in a run down lot a little outside of the strip. Once you get inside the restaurant you see all tons of wine's behind a glass. A big restaurant clean inside that looks nothing like the horrible outside. Service is really attentive and makes sure your table is always clean.   The food here was superb. Next time I come here I'm only ordering the specialty dishes. The typical dishes are great but they have such an awesome menu that every dish we got blew my mind. The tom yum kai soup is delicious and you can't go wrong with that. The pad thai they use thin noodles which made me like it even more! The sea bass drunken noodles was crack. The fish itself was so tender it was like butter. The green curry was another highligh that felt like eating coconut butter on top of rice. I couldn't get enough of it. The raw beef tar tar was light and fresh. The fried rice was good but probably the least memorable of the dishes. Next time I come here I'm getting the deep fried prawns. If you visit Vegas make sure to stop by this place. You will not be disappointed.  Recommendation: Sea Bass Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai, and Green Curry
1199	1	Oh, wow.  Where to start?  This is a Las Vegas institution.  When I was a dealer at the old Sahara, we used to go here after work at 3:00 AM for an omelet and champagne.  The fireside lounge is kitchy, old-school Vegas, but the bar staff are great and the mixologists build great drinks.  Oh, and did I mention the food is tasty, reasonably priced, and there's a lot of it?  If you're on the strip and need a good meal at a good price, or you want to sit back and relax in a nice lounge and enjoy a beverage, this is THE place to go.
899	1	Amazing. Food-gasm. Thomas effing Keller to the rescue. Words cannot describe my experience at Bouchon. I had the chicken, for god's sakes, and it was INCREDIBLE. The baguette? Like I had in Paris (yep, threw in the pretentious Paris card). Even the butter was amazing. Ended the meal with the lemon tart and could have died I was so happy. Do yourself a favor--go to Bouchon. Just go.
1213	1	Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory on steroids, dressed in expensive clothes, wearing $150 cologne, and driving a 2012 BMW 745li.  My girlfriend and I went to this place numerous times and it's no secret to any of our friends that this is one of our favorite places along the strip.  The food is decently priced, the drinks are expensive (it's the Strip after all), and the menu is ginormous.    I've never had a bad dish here.  Seriously.  And I've ordered all sorts of stuff on this menu.  The food portions are not for normal human beings, but for 9 foot tall giants who work out five hours a day.  If you like martinis then try the Calypso.
1794	1	Like most reviews on here, I am gonna go out on a limb and argue that this is probably the BEST Thai restaurant in the US. I completely agree with all of you.   My girlfriend and I came here on our last trip as recommended by yelp, and wow am I glad we tried it. The area didn't exactly look promising, but once we saw the crowd inside, we knew something was up. We knew we were about to have an awesome meal.  Food - We started with the Nam Kao Tod, which is Crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice. The spiciness was perfect, although too much for my spice-sensitive gf, but she still enjoyed it enough to brave through it. Yum. 4 out of 5  Then we had the Tom Kha Gai as recommended by the waitress. This is when I knew I had to rave about this place on yelp. The taste was perfect. It was the taste that I would compare all tom kha/yum variations to. Noone else comes close. Seriously. 6 out of 5? lol  Of course, we had to try the Pad Thai. My girlfriend and I always judge the quality of a Thai restaurant based on their pad thai. Why? Because every Thai restaurant has it and it is probably the most popular Thai dish in the US, thus, every Thai restaurant should not only have it, but they better deliver in quality. They did not disappoint. This was the best Pad Thai I've ever had. another 6 out of 5.  Service - our waitress was a Thai lady. She practically recommended all of the dishes we ordered and even recommended which spices to use to bring out the flavor even more. Such a sweet lady =] she got a huge tip :P  Price - It's the price you'd expect to pay at a Thai restaurant.. ;) I'd gladly pay for each dish. Twice.  I need more stars for this place.
691	1	My friends and I ate here before heading out to Tao Nightclub. We got to Grand Lux Cafe around 9:30PM and were seated within 5-10 minutes. The decision to eat here turned out to be a really great since portions were perfect for the price.  My sister and I shared the Pasta Telephono and it turned out be enough to fill the both of us up. The chicken to pasta ratio was good and I loved the creamy sauce. $14.95 for two people? Good deal to me!   Reading reviews that Grand Lux is the sister company of Cheesecake Factory had me mentally comparing the two. I personally like Cheesecake Factory and found Grand Lux to be great in comparison. I'd highly recommend this place!
1481	1	Okay I have to update my review. We were a bit unhappy at first because of the wait and the poor service, but the manager soon noticed our situation and made amends. First, they brought us some salmon rillettes, pickled olives compliments of the chef. They were AMAZING. I'm not a big fan of olives, but I couldn't stop munching on them. For our entree, we ordered the lamb and the crispy pork belly. The crispy pork belly was their special, and it was the finest we've ever had. It came with an onion cream sauce, which was incredibly flavorful and just perfect with the pork. Unfortunately we had no space for desserts but I am definitely looking forward to come back again!!   Not even done with my meal and already unhappy with my experience here. We made a reservation, but had to wait 15 minutes for them to clean up the table, and anther 20 minutes before we got to order out food. And that's only because my friend waved the waiter over. This is not the type of service you should have at a high end restaurant.
717	0	It is as if someone wanted to bring the Laughlin experience to the Las Vegas Strip. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. However, for $250 a night, I would like a place with restrooms somewhere near the restaurants. A hundred small things make this a "never to repeat" adventure.
304	1	This is probably the best Thai food I have ever had.  The menu is extensive, and I do not think you can go wrong with whatever you order.  I will share my favorites though:  * Tom Yum Kai Soup: a little sour, a little spicy, but a lot of flavor * Crispy Duck with Mint and Chili: very crispy duck skin flavored with just the right amount of spice * Drunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab: I am not sure why this is called drunken noodles, but it did not make me drunk. * Nua Yang Panang (Charbroiled beef with Thai red curry and cognac): This did make me a little drunk...
398	0	This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in.   We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities.   I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.  All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher.
1848	0	We tried this place about 2 years ago for dinner and I recalled the food was pretty good so this trip we stopped there for lunch. The location is awesome, with a great view of the Bellagio fountains which our daughter loves. So we get there and I ask the hostess if we could get a seat outside in the front. She doesn't smile, isn't pleasant one bit and asks, well, are you going to be eating?  Um, what do you think we came here to just sit at lunchtime?  She stands there looking puzzled for about 20 seconds, then finally took us to the seats without saying anything.  The waiter was cool but man, the food sucked - I had burrito and hubby had combo plate.  He asks for spicier salsa... we charge extra for that... jalapenos?  we charge extra for that.... really? You're charging 14 bucks for a burrito and you can't throw us some lousy jalapenos??  Never coming here again that's for sure... terrible hostess, terrible food at high prices.
1663	0	Sorry, but I Love Burgers isn't that great. I should have known better when I saw all of the signs in the mall that stated "Tell them Dante sent you for 15% off your bill" and the place was only 20% or so full, but I wanted to give them a try and was unfortunately unimpressed. While my wife liked her hot dog, my burger was devoid of any real flavor which was a real shame as the gorgonzola-topped burger should have been fantastic. The brioche bun was nice and soft but they really needed to season the burger and no amount of salt livened it up. The garlic parmesan fries were run of the mill thin frozen french fries and the garlic and parmesan came on the side in these little containers. Really? Why couldn't you have tossed the fries in it? I wouldn't be surprised if this place was closed the next time I come to Vegas.
652	0	If you are coming to Vegas as a tourist...please please please do not go to Tao.  You are wasting your time and money.  The food is worse than PF Chang's and probably borderlines with Panda Express.  If you eat dinner in the restaurant they still make you leave the property and re-enter to go into the nightclub and pay full cover.  Once inside the club, it's just horrible music and bouncer telling you that you can't stand or walk anywhere.  It's disgustingly crowded and the staff treats you like crap.  So many better restaurants and nightclub on the strip to choose from.  This place is just living off their name...
949	0	Was so happy when we were driving by and saw this Lee's Sandwiches in Vegas. But everything is more expensive at this location and service is so slow! All I ordered was iced coffee and it took a lot longer than it should. There was a long line and just one person at the register. Randomly the interior is pretty big though and they also sell self-serve frozen yogurt.
525	1	In fairness to the restaurants I haven't tried yet, I will not come out and say that this is the best burger in Vegas, but any of the selections here are some of the best I have had. Their beef mixture is very delicious and they can actually cook a burger medium to medium rare which is often a challenge for some reason at restaurants like this.  After some of the hype died down and the wait times weren't outrageous, Bachi Burger even became a place to get a reasonably quick meal as well.
1646	1	I made a call-ahead for 7 people for around 10:30am on a Sunday....good thing I did because there were about 15-20 people waiting out front to be seated. We arrived about 15 minutes early so we reviewed the menus as we waited. We were given an 8-person table in the back corner of the restaurant.  After being seated I notified our waitress (larger woman with Hispanic accent) that two members of our party were not going to make it so we broke the tables up so more people could sit. Our waitress was helpful in executing the table move without any impact to our comfort. Throughout the meal, our waitress provided us the best service possible, despite the busy conditions of the restaurant.   The wait for food was nothing extreme and actually pretty quick considering all the people eating there. The food itself was fantastic. Most people at the table did not even finish their plates. My friend ordered the omelette with mashed potatoes....sounds strange but I tried it and it was amazing.   In the end, everyone from my group was satisfied with their meal and especially with the service. Egg & I seems like one of the go-to places for breakfast in Vegas. I recommend it for anyone...just come early or call-ahead if you have a large group of people.
855	1	I didn't like the location since it was not easy to find.  Regardless, the service is great: felt like that I was being well  taken care or while not so over bearing.   Their attention to details and a hint of unique culinary color in menu items made it a 'fine dining experience' although customers are bit casually dressed.
1754	1	We came here earlier in the day and it was packed so we left. We came back later for dinner, around 6:00 and we got right in.  We split the sage fried chicken benedict and it was huge. I would definitly order it again, biscuits, eggs, gravy, mash potatoes and whatever else they throw in there.  I saw plenty of other dishes that the servers where passing out and i want to try those, like the chicken and waffles
73	0	Was excited to come to the Riv again since they announced t was being demolished.  Had such great memories here as a kid.  But WOW was it BAD!!  The only thing that was god was the parking.  Both myself and my daughter got ill after eating breakfast in the caf.  For 3 breakfast items it was over $50 with a tip and it was HORRIBLE!!!  Very sad to see this historic landmark go but employees have already checked out.  Stay away and go somewhere else.
32	1	This place is awesome! Fun atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable price! FYI if you are a Diamond or Seven Stars member of the Ceasars Rewards program they have reserved tables for you and you don't have to wait in line. I tried this the second to last day of my stay and like it so much went back for lunch the next day. The Hummus is amazing, and it comes with pita and assorted veggies to dip.  The veggies are unique, I couldn't really tell exactly what they were but I think I had a baby yellow carrot. It bursted with flavor. We also tried the chicken sliders, they were just the right size. The chicken was perfectly cooked an moist. I usually don't like chicken in restaurants because they over cook it and make it dry. The day prior we had a burger that had some type of chutney on it and we added avocado. Wow!!!! No wonder this place is called BurgR they got it down!!! If you come here make sure you try a burger even if you have to split with someone because you are missing out otherwise. Now both I got the wings as well. They have a unique sauce on them that also goes well with the fries. We ordered extra. Don't worry they aren't too spicy at all in fact the flavor is so unique you will just keep eating them trying to figure out exactly what makes them so delicious. The service here is top notch. The men all wear jeans, and nice clean cut form fitting shirts. And the women had either skirts or pants. It was cute because all wore uniforms but not your typical uniforms. And they sported them like they enjoyed wearing them as well. All the waiters and waitress's appeared to be in athletic shape and well groomed. The service was impeccable and they constantly insured we were well taken care of. I will probably get something here upon every stay now. Delicous! Awesome Job to the Gordon Ramsay Burger Team! You are all doing amazing!!!!
657	1	YES. YES. YES.  I love everything about Holstein's.  Their food is SO GOOD - get the Asian pork belly - OMG.  The milkshakes look amazing but I haven't tried them yet as I'm usually hitting up Marquee later that night and need to save some room for liquor.    Ambiance is great.  The decor is hilarious and cool at the same time - like butcher shop meets harajuku lovers?  And they have a great DJ that plays after 10 (love that they're open super late!)  I will continue to come here every time I'm in Vegas, and you probably should too.
628	0	This restaurant was definitely quite pricey for the quality of food they serve. The food was mediocre at best, with the highlight being the free hot fudge sundae (we had a coupon). The food was incredibly heavy and honestly, didn't feel much better than your local Olive Garden/Cheesecake Factory. This place is kind of crowded, especially on weekends and you definitely have to make reservation at least a day ahead of time (don't know why, nothing so great here).  The service was also very odd. Our waitress changed her attitude very clearly after we decided to not order alcoholic drinks. Not only that, she was serving a table next to us and she was definitely speaking to them inappropriately about something, telling the other table that they should not be doing certain things due to the fact that she will get in trouble for it (waiters should not be saying this to customers). She also went into a long-winded story with them about how she got into trouble. She spoke incredibly loudly and even in the loud restaurant, I could hear her from when she was serving the other table near us. This definitely made us feel very uncomfortable there.  Probably won't come back again, since there's plenty of other awesome restaurants in Vegas.
1290	0	My friend and I had lunch buffet there since two free buffet vouchers were included in the room package.  However, I wouldn't eat here again even if we get another free buffet offer.  There was very few choices and they all tasted so so.  The ribs were dry and collard green tasted weird.  There was a little fly on the sweet shrimp sushi enjoying its meal. How appeptizing...Normally, dessert section is my favorite,  but the dessert selection was just okay.  If you were to spend $$ on a buffet, Harrah's has a much better deal and their buffet tastes much better!
375	1	The ox tail fries were as good as I hoped. The portion is plenty to share, too. My husband ordered the Sho Gun Burger and I ordered a bowl of ramen (which is actually next door at Shoku Ramen). I love that you can order ramen while you're sitting at burger place. I also ordered the bone marrow as an appetizer. It was my first time having it anywhere so I wasn't sure what to expect. It was a little sweet. I don't think I'd care to order it again but it wasn't terrible. We went on a Saturday around 4:30-5:00 and we waited probably 20 minutes for a table. It got busier once we were seated. I do wish their waiting area was a little bigger.
1011	1	Finally breakfast is something fun again.  Hash House A Go-Go has made breakfast hip and fun again.  The food is terrific.  Giant portions of flavorful, unique and delicious food.    It is a expensive...for breakfast, but not for the original food.    This place is much more than eggs and hash browns.  It is an experience.
962	0	I spent years driving by wanting to try it. Last October I went for my birthday and I was super disappointed. White chocolate frozen hot choco was too sweet and the carrot cake sundae was mediocre. I went again last night in hopes that they were just having a bad night when I went the first time. But I was let down again. The chocolate blackout cake sundae was overwhelmingly sweet once again with no depth to the flavors what so ever. I would have gotten the same effect if I made my own at home with Hershey's chocolate sauce. When I am charged over $20 for cake and ice cream, I expect it to be pretty outstanding which Serendipity 3 just can't seem to do.
399	1	With a few hours to spare before heading back to SF, I wanted to hit up as many restaurants as possible.  Prior to coming to Shake Shack, I had just scarfed down tacos and a slice of pizza hence why I only ordered fries and a milkshake but no burger.  Fries - Probably the best fast food fries that ever existed.  Super Duper use to be good and maybe it's the locations that I've visited recently but the fries are not crispy and super greasy.  Shake Shack however, has the perfect texture, taste, seasoning, crisp factor, and I did not feel guilty afterwards, well I never do.   Black & White (Vanilla ice cream with drizzled fudge) milkshake - its hard to make milkshakes with the right consistency.  I was sucking pretty hard, my cheeks were starting to ache.  After letting it sit and melt for a bit, it did the job but I wasn't satisfied.  Overall, LOVE the fries.  Will have to revisit and try the burger.
1006	0	Came here for the lunch meal of my Buffet of Buffets day.  Kind of tricky to find as you have to go downstairs from the casino to get to the buffet.    They had tons of stations organized by regions of the world: Middle Eastern, American, Italian, Mexican, Seafood and Salad.  I tried the shrimp cocktail, shrimp tempura, pesto pasta, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes and designed my own taco.  Nothing was particularly good except the shrimp tempura and sweet potatoes.    This was the buffet with the most esthetically pleasing desserts.  They all looked amazing, so I grabbed a chocolate cream pie, creme brulee, eclair and fruit tart.  Nothing tasted good.  I then decided to get myself some chocolate custard to satisfy my sweet craving.  It was completely liquid and melted.  Disappointing since I'm big on desserts.    May be worth stopping by if the meal is comped or you're a Planet Hollywood guest that is too lazy to go anywhere else.  I wouldn't pay to go back.
284	0	Our friend convinced us to check out Cravings buffet before the Love show and boy were we sorely wrong about this place. We came at 5pm and the food selection was temperature cold and we are not talking about the raw bar but the cooked heated food.  The only thing at the raw bar are crab legs.  The prime rib was not flavorful---lacked a distinct beef taste even with the Au Jus--remember to include the au jus...you'll need it since it is soooo dry and bland. The roast turkey was also bland and uneventful...thankfully they have turkey gravy a few feet away.   The Chinese and Japanese sections were terrible....the singapore rice noodles were overly seasoned with soy sauce which destroyed the curry flavor. the fried rice and steamed rice were colder than ice cream. the fried rice was overly seasoned with soy sauce.  the roast pork and duck were lifeless and bland...i've had better in Hong Kong....so don't expect much in this section.  the italian and latin foods were also bland, salty and cold.   TIP: if you want hot food, eat whatever you pick right then and there since by the time you get to your table, the food will be cooooooooooooold.   the only lifesaver was the service from our waiter...he was great and made the experience better....  the food is TERRRRRRRRRIBLE --- COLD, BLAND, SALTY and VARIETY CHALLENGED....SAVE your $ and avoid even the early bird special and go to the Wynn.
866	1	Best Thai food of your life unassumingly located in an off-Strip sketchy strip mall, with the accolades and photos with celebrities adorning the walls and full tables to prove it.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu; however the pad thai, crispy duck, and braised short rib with panang were standouts.
138	0	On our 3 day streak eating buffet (we've been to Bellagio, Mirage, and Wynn for dinner/lunch), Aria buffet was the worst quality of foods, and unbelievably unfriendly staff off all hotels. Fail expectations for the price.   Rancid shrimp dumpling (Har gow), so bad I spit it out. Shrimp cocktail that still has its shell unremoved. Oysters were fishy and sloppy, a sign that expired. Cold king crags legs that were overcooked. People went through them because a. Lot of them were just undesirable and people picked all over them leaving only scraps. Nothing remarkable.  Esther showed us to our table. She failed to let us in after we had walked to check out the food, only to tell us to go back to end of line, no exception. She unwilling to make better of the situation by letting us use mlife line.  Staff only care about their responsibilities and won't call server too come to you, even though ours was no where to be found.  Don't go here for buffet. Terrible food terrible service.  Tip: go to Wynn for best flood Best service.
1817	0	I just returned from a stay at the Mandalay Bay for a birthday getaway. The hotel is lovely, the room furnished beautifully and very comfortable, but the buffet so so so sad and underwhelming for such a nice hotel. Service was slow and unfriendly, had to ask for steak knives, had to ask for drink refills, no forks for crab legs, it was empty in the dining room which might have been a clue on a Saturday night, the shrimp had the look of freezer burn, the prime rib cold, the desserts looked like a Hometown buffet or Golden Corral, the buffet selection was small and nothing stood out, really surprising for such a nice hotel.
1532	1	I can easily say this is best burger and shake place I have ever ate...  Please do yourself a favor if find yourself here... eat the buffalo burger!  Wow just heaven! It literally melts in your mouth. The meat is so tender, juicy and out of this world furthermore there shake will leave you in nirvana.  Last time I was there I had the pink monkey... Good times! It is my vegas tradition to go here at least once and its usual the first place I want to eat at.
661	1	My FAVORITE Grand Lux Cafe is the one inside Palazzo.  It's open LATE and the food is amazingly good for a casual chain restaurant.  Some of my favorites:  spicy calamari salad, shrimp scampi, miso glazed salmon, and caramel chicken.  Desserts are great too - can't go wrong with a batch of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies or the beignets with 3 sauces.  It's definitely worth the money.
914	0	holy moly. the worst buffet ever. it was like a bad hometown buffet. my husband had two small plates and decided he didnt want to put his taste buds through any more misery and just start pounding away at their complimentary  beer. everything was cold and extremely salty. i had a bite of the prime rib and i felt like i just put a cube of salt in my mouth -_- at one point they even ran out of clean plates! this buffet cost more than the wicked spoon (which i love) for two ppl we payed about 65$ this buffet was worth 15.99 per person. will never return
637	0	Food is just ok especially since they are SUPER expensive for such a small portion of food that isn't really that good. I gave them a try twice because I give everyone a mulligan just in case they have a bad day...but unfortunately, there was no change. :( They have a cool concept...but way too expensive for what you DON'T get....which is a full tummy with yummy food. You are better off trying some where else.
1217	0	Location and idea are great . Food is not all that The meat kinda lacks taste . But they have an open salad bar which has some good stuff.  Service is very slow and they refused to give us to go boxes !!! My husband was sick and didn't eat at all so I wanted to take his food to eat later , ended up going somewhere else later to eat. Definitely wouldn't go back
594	0	The 2.5 star average seems a little generous. We went on a Saturday for late breakfast and the average age was about 22. Mostly all hungover or drunk. Loud, rude, inconsiderate, covered in tattoos, piercings and from their testosterone shots. There were a couple of employees with headsets walking the room and it was hard to tell if it was to let the front desk know about open tables, or if it was security.   Food was very mediocre at best. Basic watery eggs, greasy bacon, stale looking muffins, soggy waffles. The desserts didnt even look close to anything you'd want to waste the calories on. What you'd probably find in a hometown buffet, Circus Circus or Fremont street.   It's clear MGM Resorts is only concerned with attracting the under 30 crowd now who don't really know much if anything about manners or common decency. If MGM has decayed this much, I weep for their other properties. Probably all the same swill just dropped off one at a time at different casinos each morning.
1946	0	Food tasted great, service was decent enough, soda was somewhat carbonated.  The biggest downside: girlfriend and I shared the nachos and we have been fighting off what feels like textbook food poisoning symptoms ever since we left. I mean within 20 minutes of leaving. Undercooked or old meat? I don't know. But it kind of ruined our Friday. Will not be back. Be warned!
1299	1	My sister and mom went for mothers day, Steaks' opening weekend. Their revue was good enough to get me on a plane from San Diego, and for them to extend their stay another day. I joined up and we went for dinner on Wednesday.   They were right...wow   The service was superb. They paid attention to EVERY TINY DETAIL. Napkins were re folded if someone got up, our drinks never got anywhere near empty, simply the best service I have ever had.  My sister and i split a medium rare porterhouse with the peppercorn sauce and mac &cheese and asparagus, my mom got the beef wellington.  Im rating everything as a  "10" period. The toffee cake and butter ice cream was.  I am giving the front of the house and back of house both a 10. I can assure you as this is the Only Gordon Ramsay steakhouse, they DO know how to cook a steak and that's for freaking sure.    This is place isn't cheap, but isn't insane. Expect to pay around 100 each person plus tip. The food is worth it, and this comes from a guy who has no problems making complaints.   Make your reservations well ahead of time.
532	1	Out of all the years I've been coming to the Peppermill it's been the same ever since I love this place but tonight tonight for some reason there are about 15 to 20 beautiful knock dead gorgeous women here they don't know me from Adam or all they want to do is go out and partay I'm down for that taxi all later O
871	0	I ALMOST gave this place 3 stars, but the wait and service was so bad I can't make myself give anything higher than a 2. The 2 stars is based on the extra delicious frozen hot chocolate (that we had a coupon for, making it free), and the hot dog that ended up tasting pretty good.   Ok, so my husband and I got to Serendipity 3 at a decently off time. Didn't look too busy, so we put our names on the list and took a seat outside. We overheard someone say that if you sit at the bar you'll get served faster and you don't have to put your name on the list, so we tried that....didn't work. There are 4 or so chairs at the bar, so there went that idea. More waiting, waited so long that we had to eat a snack bar I had in my bag....before we ate lunch! I think our wait totaled about an hour for just the 2 of us. We were seated and it took our waiter 10 minutes before he came over to greet us and take our drink orders. Found out a few of the items that were on the menu were not supposed to be on there any longer (one of the items I was going to order, figures), so my husband ordered the grilled cheese with tomato soup and I ordered the mac & cheese. Simple enough. Our free frozen hot chocolate came out in this giant sundae glass,it was amazing! So good! We were expecting a tiny glass since it was free, but this could have fed a family of 4! Our food came out 35 or so minutes later, and my mac & cheese tasted like lighter fluid! It was so gross that even thinking about it right now makes me gag a bit. My husband's grilled cheese was gross too, same lighter fluid taste. Even his soup tasted like lighter fluid! I assumed it was the way they were cooking things so we brought this to the waiter's attention. He took my food back and came back to tell us that the cooks had no idea why it tasted like that and that no one else had complained. He offered to replace my gross food with something else, so I ordered a hot dog. Figured it would be safe since it wasn't covered in whatever gross cheese they were using.   We waited for my hot dog for 30 minutes!  A HOT DOG! I'm kind of hypoglycemic so by this point I was feeling pretty weak. I started spacing out, feeling nauseated, it was all I could to stay calm. My hot dog FINALLY came and I was at that point in my 'episode' where I was super nauseated, so I took a few bites and got a to-go box, which took another 10 minutes. It was just annoying how much time we spent waiting and the food wasn't even good. I ate my hot dog an hour or so later after I was feeling better and it was pretty good. If I ever went there again i'd go straight for that and a frozen hot chocolate, that's it. And i'd get it from the to-go window, not even bother going inside. My husband is curious about this giant donut we saw in the to-go window, so we might check that out next time. Not going out of our way though.
1085	0	Nasty!!!  Our first experience here was when they first opened...its was good! Food was good, customer service was good. This time its completely different. Burns gross fries, horrible nasty "customer" service, sent the fries back to only get back-talk from one of the employees!! Who does that!!! I'm guessing poor management is to blame? I'm not sure. The only thing good was the sliders!
1301	0	As a person from Lanzhou, I was very excited to try the "Lan-Zhou style" noodles. They were not even close to what Lanzhou noodles should be. The broth was bland, the noodles had terrible texture, and I was very disappointed. Also, the soup dumplings had a strange flavor. It was a waste of carbs, and a waste of a meal during my time in Vegas.
1967	1	I absolutely looooove this place!!! Everything that I have ate here is absolutely delicious..even the tap water tastes good.   Ive stayed at the Venetian for one of my most recent trips to Vegas for a week..and just about every meal I had was from the Grande Luxe!  What Ive had:  appetizers: Mini chili cheese hot dogs: hit the spot after a night of dancing and drinking at Tao, but dont u dare eat em if u cant hold down ur alcohol and food! Duck pot stickers: very yummy, dont really taste the duck meat due to the spicyness of the Hoisin sauce.  Asian Nachos: such a cool play off regualar nachos. the chips are made from wontons and there is peanut sauce which is spicy and sweet! there is also wasabi cream which is daring but sooo good. This appetizer is good with a beer!  Burgers: The Max Burger: Omfg!! burger effin heaven, I swear to you! Angus beef topped with short ribs, bacon, mushrooms and cheese! So delicious, I wanted to order another..but there was no way I was going to finish it!  Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich: Delicious, but nothing will top the Max Burger.   Entrees: Jamaican Pork Tenderloin: The presentation is so pretty, you dont want to eat it, but then your senses kick in and you start grubbin! With every bite of the tenderloin top off your fork with a little of the sweet mash potatos and mango salsa..your tongue will thank you! Fried Chicken: An overload of delicious chicken tenders!  Crispy Caramel Chicken: Spicy from the thai sauce, but there is caramel that blands down the kick of the spicyness and makes it a bit sweet.  Chicken Royale: if you want to play it safe, go ahead and pick this. simple and delicious.  Pizza:  Margherita: Yummy with a huge beer! The pizza bread is very thin and super crispy.  Simply put, the food is delicious. Be a risk taker and order something that sounds daring with the fusions of sauces, you wont regret it.  The presentation for all the plates are lovely.  Super Pro: Open 24 hours!!
573	1	Jeremy was our server and Scott had no problem jumping in to help. Theses two guys were fabulous. They were friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was perfect for my 9 years old. We've been here quite a few times, but the service this time was definitely something to yelp about. We will continue to return to this restaurant.
479	0	Service was terrible, the meat service took awhile before they come to your table. I didn't see the waiter until I had been sitting there at least 10 minutes. Water took another 5 minutes to show up. For a $50 price tab I feel robbed. They wouldn't even accept the $5 off from the yelp app.  I'll never go to this pretend Brazilian steakhouse again.
708	1	My boyfriend brought me here for breakfast in Las Vegas.  I love dating a fellow foodie, he makes magic happen for me.  He had the chicken and waffles (roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle, Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce) and I had the sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  It was sheer heaven.    We both had cocktails, mine had an edible flower in it.  The whole meal was a complete treat.  I would recommend highly and return.  The wait staff was amazing too.
1200	0	I came here recently on a HOT Tuesday night.  It was 99 degrees outside.  My friends and I were visiting from out of town, and after dinner, we decided to go to Serendipity 3.  We were curious about the hype.  We walked over to Ceaser's, and saw the line for ordering outside.  It was LONG.  We also placed our name for a seat inside...we were informed that it would be about a thirty minute wait.  We decided to sit instead.  and we got seated outside.  We decided to share a Double Frozzzen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($15! and there were 3 of us).  The double frozen hot chocolate comes with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and hot chocolate.  When we got it - we were disappointed with the size.  It seemed pretty small for $15.  It tasted like...chocolate milk, with chunks of ice.  We drank it quickly, since we were seated outside and it was hot.  HOWEVER, the next day, we went to a buffet and hat the frozen chocolate hot custard.  IT TASTED EXACTLY THE SAME.  Save your money - it's not really worth the hype...or money.
707	1	This is one of my favorite places to take friends from out of town- I have friends who saw this on Man vs. Food and were dying to try it.  They absolutely loved it, and of course none of us could finish our meals.  I love the chicken and waffles, which is big enough for two people to split and have some left over to take home. My second favorite dish is the grilled cheese with avocado, each slice of bread is close to 2 inches thick, and that's amazing in my book.  The second best thing is the drink menu, which has all sorts of amazing drinks that are basically desserts in their own right- hot chocolate, flavored coffee and cappucinos, etc.  I don't drink alcohol, so it's always nice to see a drink menu with special items that I can actually enjoy.
740	1	Wow what a find! My wife and I took a walk up "The Strip" from Wynn and we stumbled across this place for breakfast. The portions are great and the food was outstanding! It is diner type food, but a bit higher style and quality.  Very nice change of pace as far as price/service goes from the options in the hotels! We felt very welcomed by the staff.   We would recommend this to anyone staying on the North or Mid points on "The Strip"; It's an easy walk and on the east side of the road.
1438	1	My husband and I came here on our last day in Las Vegas, and had been waiting since we planned our wedding and seen them featured on Triple D. We ordered the Oxtail Fries which are absolute heaven. Only need to caution they come loaded with jalapenos, and my husband isn't extremely fond of them ( i love them) and accidentally ingested a few pieces since they were covered by the delicious melty cheese gooeyness and chili cheese oxtail mixture. Not greasy, well balanced appetizer, wish there was one here in FL!. We ordered a burger each, he ordered the Kikki and I got the Miyagi. Both medium, served pink in the center, but not raw or bleeding, perfectly cooked. Meat still had the grilled taste, wasn't over seasoned, over all the burgers were well made. Definately favorite part was the fries, I was sad I didn't have room to try those yummy milkshakes listed, maybe next time!
1508	0	If you want deal with a staff who is super hospitable and accommodating but want a room that smells of sweat, weed, and sadness then this is perfect. Our room was "non-smoking" but someone made a filter out of a plastic bag and put it over the smoke detector so they could hot box it. I loved the view outside the hotel but at night the holes in the curtains from critters let the Vegas strip bright lights through to make your room a customized planetarium. Our tub was brown and it would clog every time you would shower. The room decor looked like they found a LOWES going out of business and took all the 2x4 boards and lined the ceiling and made outdated headboards which are great for slamming hookers against. Our safe didn't work but got fixed. I also while taking a nap found a piece of glass in my sheets. I'm praying it's a broken piece of a cocktail glass and not a crack pipe. The water filter behind the ice machine looked like it was last changed when the Dallas Cowboys won a super bowl. The carpets smelled like sweat and were moldy. The restaurant was the best part. Food was hooters food and was done well for what they do. The bar staff was really nice. Overall the hotel was super sketch. If you want to go for an experience and a good story then it's a 10/10. Otherwise pick somewhere else. It always could be worse. I want to reiterate the staff was awesome and a pleasure to deal with.
327	0	Food was fine the waiter was nice but the duration for food drinks or anything is unreal- stay the hell away and it's way to expensive for what you get... A waste of time and money I will tell all my friends and family to skip this over priced Denny's
1069	0	March 25th, 2011  Ordered:  Special Sandwich  Ham/Cheese Croissant  Iced Coffee  Deep Fried Balls covered w/ Seasame (I don't know the name ha)  Fried Egg Rolls  Pros: * awesome layout.. The biggest Lee's I've seen! * Lots of free samples to try. * express line available for strictly pastries and coffee orders * They have a room available for banquets and private affairs.  Cons: * Rock Hard baguette bread ! * Minimal selection of asian sandwiches * congested with traffic. * I order deep fried pastries for dessert and they threw it in the same bag as my fried egg rolls.. who does that??  Tips: * Go down the street to Mr. Sandwich * I'm not a coffee fan, but its strong and good according to my gf * easy on the ice for the ice coffee would be a most wise request.    Okay, so I came during grand opening and ribbon cutting, which explains the crazy traffic (but I attempted to come again a few days later and it was still busy so I opted for good ol' Mr. Sandwich).  I've had Lee's before in California and remember taking a liking to it, but man their baguette's are just super hard!  The express lane was nice for those coffee drinkers and pastry lovers, but I was here for sandwiches.  The disappointing thing is that they tried to have a diverse palette of sandwiches by throwing in american sandwiches (ham and cheese) on croissant bread.  If I wanted an American sandwich, I'd go to Subway (or better yet Port-O-Subs).  The option of American sandwiches was interesting at first, but it isn't even tasty. Sure this added diversity, but it also limited their selection of Eurasian sandwiches.  I understand Lee's is a big name and the opening ceremony was a blast, but it just didn't win me over.  Will I be back?  Sure, but only because I got a free $5.00 gift card for coming during the grand opening.  Aside from that, I'm good with Hue Thai's or Mr. Sandwich for my Asian Sandwich cravings.
30	0	They have different of food, mexican, american, italian, chinese but not a big selection of each. And the food isnt the best. We went there bc of the unlimited beer, but it was only bud light and some other beer. It was too pricy for the selection if u ask me. $37 for dinner.
442	0	The one downside to our Vegas trip....Hooters Casino/Hotel/shithole.  Okay, I like Hooters, and given the pricing and the fact that everyone coming from out of town for our best friends wedding was staying here we thought, why not?  oh boy, where do I start....the restaurant. We met everyone here the first night we got in.  I have eaten at Hooters before and have ALWAYS had good service, maybe I'm spoiled. The girls always smile, sit, etc....forget it here. The service sucks big time...she seemed bothered by us, which made us all want to agitate her more.  I must have asked for our drinks three times before i went up and got them myself (she was too busy chatting with another lame waitress and therefore to busy to actually wait on people) LAMMMMMMEEEE Food arrived and it was so-so, nothing like what we have eaten at the Dublin Hooters.   Rooms: shitty, period.  The bathrooms sucked and were so old and outdated, it was comical. didnt smell like smoke, which was the only plus.  I am never staying here again, even if it was offered for free LOL
76	1	I don't eat much Thai food.. came here purely because of the hype from online reviews, and realizing I've never been to a Thai restaurant with such acclaim.  Plus this was one of the few times I had a rental car available when visiting Vegas.  Fresh and marinated raw prawns with chili paste.. what a great and unique dish. The serving came with 8 large shrimp that I shared with dining companions, but I could have polished off a plate of these.  I also loved the crispy fried duck served with a congac based curry.  Again, another unique dish to me and I couldn't get enough.  We had other dishes that I can't complain about, but these two were clearly the standouts.   One thing I would mention, the spice level was not nearly as high as I assumed. We ordered "medium" and my next go round i would go high as I felt there wasn't much heat at all. That didn't take away from the fact that I really enjoyed my meal here.   Prices are very reasonable for what you get. This is a very good choice to take a break from the flashy casino dining.
1974	1	This place has a nice concept and it's well executed  Trendy Asian Burger Spot  Sit down restaurant  It's not cheap but it's not unreasonable   Got all the great Asian style drinks boba etc Salt and Fries are good  Any burger will do  Have the Malasadas it's on point
60	1	Great environment. The wait wasn't too bad Friday morning. They are very attentive. Got the enchilada omelet and really liked it. What I liked more was the potatoes. Seasoning was amazing on the potatoes. The banana muffin you get for free is surprisingly good too.
196	1	DEFINITELY WORTH THE DRIVE We found our way here by accident last year and made a point of going back this year. Everything is delicious that we have ordered. Pork carnitas skillet was perfection. Apple cinnamon pancakes were delicious as was the often-mentioned banana nut muffin. Come hungry or share...they are generous with their portions.
1936	1	Best burgers hands down. Eating at one of Ramsey's restaurants is like my life long pursuit as I've been a big fan of his for years. After studying the menus from 3 Ramsey's restaurants in Vegas, we decided on this one simply because it fits our budget .   Went there at night and the wait was 2 hours, so we came back the next day and tried lunch instead, got in right away. We tried their blue burger and farm burger (with duck breast bacon and fried egg) and requested them medium rare and they were absolutely cooked to perfection. The outside was evenly cooked and the inside was pink and just melt in our mouths. Ramsey definitely delivered and we were not disappointed!!  The fries were great too with homemade ketchup and aioli sauce. The #4 shake of Oreo and Creme brle was creative and not bad. What was not good was the dessert "sticky toffee pudding push-up pops". They tasted just like vanilla ice cream layered with chocolate cake while they were supposed to be salted peanut ice cream. So don't order that.   Overall though I still give it 5 stars because the burgers were truly the best we had ever had. And now I can finally say I've eaten at one of Ramsey's restaurants.
1287	1	Best Thai restaurant hands down. Where do I even begin!? We arrived during dinner rush, but honestly they're probably busy at any hour since it's been featured on Food Network, among other places. It is handy that they had iPads set up to where they can text you when they're ready to seat your party. There is also a bar area and a waiting room so you don't have to wait outside. Before dinner, we grabbed beers and Thai tea to drink in the waiting room while being able to sit and relax inside. They have photos of celebrities from movie stars to Food Network shows all over their walls, and the owner of the restaurant which was also the chef, popularly walked around to tables with which seemed to be many regulars praising him and greeting him. Our table was ready and we ordered the prawns which seemed to be most popular on all of the tables, and a duck noodle. Mind you, I'm not a fan of duck but it was crisp and fried to perfection in the most perfect sauce. The prawns were huge and flavorful. We also had a steak dish that came with a small sauce that is to die for. What had me was that they offer the Laos papaya salad that not many other places do. We ordered a spice level of 10 and we were dying but it was literally perfection. Everything was extremely good. I was disappointed to find out that they were out of mango sticky rice, so we settled for a fried banana and ice cream, which tasted similar to Filipino banana lumpia, but they were cut up into small pieces for an easier family style and small portioning. Guaranteed I will visit this place every time I go to Vegas. You won't be let down!
1206	0	My daughter had to come here during our recent visit to LAS to try their famous frozen hot chocolate! Not impressed.  Service extremely slow. Waitress delivered one item at a time.  With the exception of a hot dog my sister in law ordered, we all ordered ice cream.  We got our sundae 2nd and we were actually finished when the next order which was my daughter's frozen hot chocolate.  We were all done eating our ice cream and then came the hot dog.  We waited another ten -fifteen mins after she finished eating the hot dog to get her frozen hot chocolate.  They obviously need more staff.  With the high prices they can afford it! Won't be going back if I can help it! BTW, clean the tables before you seat someone!
964	0	Its an ok, clean hotel...but the location kind of sucks and not quite up to some of the standards I've expereinced at other Westins. I mean, who goes to vegas to stay at the westin?  Unless you've stayed at every other hotel in town before (I have), I wouldn't recommend staying here on vacation.  For saving money, its fine....but I'd still prefer a strip hotel.
878	1	The Billionaire burger, though pricey, is definitely worth it. The foie gras compliments the burger so well. The flavor of all its components are exceptional. I wanted more! Loved the selection of spiked milkshakes (definitely recommend the tiramasu) and other alcoholic beverages to wash down the beef. We'll be back soon, no doubt.
1230	1	It was late night and my bf and I just arrived in Vegas. We haven't eaten and I'm hangry. We decided to grab a quick bite and remembered the goat cheese burger we had here last time was delicious, even though I don't like cheese.   When we arrived, I was surprised that there was a line at this hour, but we were seated within 10 mins cause we opted to be seated at the bar. We were told the burger would take 20 mins to make after we ordered. 40 mins later, we were still waiting. Our pork belly "hot" pocket was cold when it arrived. By now, I was about to throw a hissy fit. Right before I do, our truffle burger magically appears and perfectly cut in half to share. First bite in, my anger goes away like those hangry Snicker commercials. I apologized to my bf for every side-eye I gave him during the wait. Even without the truffle aioli and foie gras creme that makes the burger extra flavorful, the patty itself was so juicy. It's all I ever want when I crave a burger! Simple but juicy! One of the best burgers I have ever eaten!  Ramsey can make one hell of a burger!
1621	1	Great authentic tasting New York pizza on the strip! Okay this place is not on the Cosmopolitan's directory or list of restaurants but it definitely is sought after especially during the wee hours and after a night filled of alcohol and dancing. As it is a "secret" pizza place and not listed on the directory you gotta know someone or look here on yelp to find it (it's near estiatorio milos). Just follow the line of people out the hall. They have tons of options and all are good. Yes it's a bit pricey for a pizza place ($11 for two slices) but it's on the strip and available late night and did I mention it's good? You can even call ahead for your order. A must is their white pizza!
1409	1	Definitely the place to enjoy late night food after clubbing at Marquee. The wait can be long and there isn't a readily available menu to see the pizza selections. The pinball and arcade games give it a vintage feel. The pizzas are similar to NY style pizza with large slices. Can't go wrong with the mushroom and cheese pizza. The pepperoni and sausage pizza was also delicious. FYI - The slices are about $7.50 each. Overall, a great place to sober up and enjoy late night food.
423	1	(read the following review to the tune of bobby brown's "every little step")  i can't sleep at night, i toss and turn dreamin' about the peppermill but i get a crave so i'm all choked up can't believe i need another fill and as a matter of fact, it blows my mind how delicious your dessert drinks can be because the drinks you do is a dream come true a real life fantasy  no matter where i am in vegas i've found a great place to love and we will be together, drinking grasshoppers forever it's like that, it's like that  every little vegas trip i take i will go there every little vegas trip i make i'll be at the peppermill yeah.....  the peppermill brings tacky-chic to a whole new level. first of all, don't tell me you don't love plastic foliage, red and blue neon lights, AND fire shooting out of the middle of a watery pit. i sure as hell can't get enough of this place and i don't say this because i'm intoxicated. i say this out of pure, on bended knees kind of love. try their "grasshopper," an alcoholic mint milk shake that flows smoothly through your straw, and i swear, YOU will be as smitten as i am. happy drinking folks! you won't regret it!
1124	1	Went there for my wife's birthday celebration and enjoyed their wonderful brunch menu. Everything from start to finish was spot on. Our waiter Doug went out of his way to ensure our experience was amazing. His service and personable touches added to our enjoyment.  Nice atmosphere,  Excellent food, and Impeccable service. What more can I say? Thank you for a memorable time!
1670	0	So we had a friend in town and decided to go all out and do the 24 hour "Buffet of Buffets" pass. The next morning we got a later start than we would have liked and got stuck going to Flavors since they didn't have much of a line... that should have been a warning! This was supposed to be a "holiday brunch" but there was really nothing special about the variety of selections and the food I did try was consistently lousy. Even the rolls were hard as rocks. I wasted $10 on the all-you-can-drink add-on since our waitress NEVER came around and when she did, she brought me the wrong drinks! I ended up having two bowls of gelato and calling it a day, saving my appetite for an early dinner. Skip this place.
501	1	Gem's Secret!  For my 20th review, I'm going to share with you a golden gem secret...The best place to eat in The Cosmopolitan won't cost you all of your night's winnings, and you won't be ready to go buffet again right away! But it's whereabouts are incognito, so I will yelp you out & share the secret! After a long night of committing sins in Sin City, you must find & dine at the clandestine "Secret Pizza."  Secret Pizza is a hidden gem located in The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, NV.It's a tiny, gemazing pizza joint located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmo next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill. You will see an unmarked hallway that's lined with cool, vintage record album covers that is across from the pool table located in the middle of the room, go down it & enter secret pizza paradise!  Secret Pizza sells a variety ofbomb, thin/foldable, NY-style pizzas sold by the slice that are pre-made & they warm up for you in the oven. The price for 1 slice is around $5-6, more if you get a specialty slice or add extra toppings. (Secret Pizza also has a "deep-dish looking" pizza slice option, but I didn't try it. This isn't Chicago, stick with the original, thin slices!) You can also order & carry-out a whole pie or customize a cheese slice like I did. My fave was cheese with mushrooms, green peppers & banana peppers, 5 gems!!  When I stayed at The Cosmo, I ended every night/began each morning at Secret Pizza or ate there after an expensive app at Milos! The pizzas are cut into big, triangular slices & have the perfect ratio of thinness while still having some girth; softness for folding with a nice, crispy crust; and contains the perfect amount of grease to equalize the night's BAC! Definitely not the kind of 'Za I typically consume but what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas!  FYI: Secret Pizza also has a free, self-serve/purified water tank, sells beer & has limited seating, only countertops & some barstools, no tables. However, you can sit & eat at the couches by the pool table I mentioned above.   So if you're stayin' or playin' in The Cosmo, win,lose or draw, you will definitely wanna make Secret Pizza your last call! Cuz one thing is for sure, you can bet your ass, ya will friggin' eat it all!
1326	0	HERE'S MY IDEA OF A PERFECT NIGHTCLUB.  1. A huge dance floor. When you really wanna get down, you gotta be able to move freely without having to worry about getting an elbow to your chest or face.  2. Bar. You also gotta make sure the bar itself is pretty big and the area around it should have ample space as well.  3. Easy acces. Why the hell would you have to go up  a set of stairs just to have to make it to the main dance hall? You got female club goers all dolled up in their stilettos complaining that their feet hurt just making the journey from their car, waiting in line, and then stairs to deal with. The worst time is when its time to go. You got blisters already just from dancing (that is if you had any kind of room whatsoever), AND if you are drunk, you can easily be on youtube the next day.  4. Have plenty of bathrooms. It's bad enough you have to wait to get in to the club, but you have to wait in line to go take a leak as well? Yes when you drink alcohol it gives you an awesome feeling. Only problem is, it goes right through your system. So alleviating that should be convenient and not time consumming.  Music, DJ's, bouncers, and bartenders should always be givens. From what I saw these were very good.  Overall, I would rather go to a club that was not as popular cuz at least you can walk around somewhat freely and have enough room on the dance floor to be able to do "The Dougie" or the  "Gangnam Style" dance. Im pretty sure some fire codes were violated based on the zombie like overcrowding. Im surprised there are not more fights and/or lawsuits resulting from pushing, shoving, and groping.   So if I had a couple million in my back pocket, I would build my own club and call it "The Warehouse". LOL.
237	0	My best friend from high schools little sister turned 21 recently so we all headed to vegas to some fun.  They all booked rooms here based on the pool, so I went on hotwire and booked a room for my boyfriend and myself.  While hotwire is all about not telling you what the hotel is they give you a map and its pretty easy to tell which hotel you will be in.  So that was all pretty easy.  I called them and specifically asked for a smoke free room with a king bed.  That was all pretty easy and nice.  Our room was in the West Wing, which is pretty reviled on yelp and I understand why.  While nothing was super bad about our stay, some things made it not a place I would pay to stay in again: -the valet, there are like 5 entrances to the MGM by car, but only one of them takes you to the valet. WTF -the west wing hallways are seriously dark and kinda skeevy looking -no mini fridges in the room -horrible cable, they have like 7 channels and 5 of them not in english -security came and scolded my friend for leaving the door to her room open while we were in it -the rooms have absolutely no sound proofing at all. you can hear everything in the hallway and in the rooms next to you.   -$15 a day for wifi.   -no robes -i tried to move the side table closer to the bed and it was super sticky, since we had just gotten there, that was pretty gross  MGM is supposed to be nice, but they obviously put all the people who purchase rooms on the internet in lame rooms with absolutely no amenities.  If I were to ever stay here again I would have to make sure it would not be in one of these rooms.
1097	1	It's no secret that I'm not really a fan of pizza but once I tried the ones here... Oooooohhhh man... I'm in love! Every bite tastes like heaven. I had the cheese w/ mushroom pizza and my belly was dancing in joy! My husband and I loved it so much that we purposely forgot our diet and went for another round!
1316	1	This is one of my best meals in Vegas! I have never experienced real Thai food until now. Normally I would have settled for the usual pad thai and pad see ew. However, I wanted to be adventurous this time. I tried the nam kao tod as an appetizer, and it was AMAZING - the crispy rice with the pork sausages, lime juice, chili, and green onions make my mouth water. Hands down, the best Thai dish ever!!! I even looked up recipes online to try to replicate this dish at home.   We also tried the garlic prawns that were deep fried; the dish was deliciously crunchy. Our third dish was the crispy duck in Khao Soi (thai egg noodles in a curry sauce). The crispy duck was yummy, but got a little soggy in the Khao Soi. It would have been slightly better if the crispy duck was separated from the Khao Soi, and combined the two later to maintain the crispness in the duck.   The menu is quite extensive. My boyfriend and I were quite overwhelmed. We could only fit in three dishes between the two of us. I would highly recommend this place. You'd be really missing out if you don't give it a shot!   Service was friendly and fast.   There is plenty of parking in the plaza.
1175	0	Save Yourselves!!!!!!  The only reason for 2 stars is that their Coconut Margarita was so yummy that I promised myself I wouldn't give Cabo Wabo only 1 star.  But really....they're only deserving of 1 star....Cabo Wabo serves Tex Mex food....how can ANY Tex Mex taste bad?  Well, Cabo Wabo does it!   I ordered the fish tacos...but they were out of them!  So then I ordered the shrimp tacos....and again they were out of them!  But somehow they had the shrimp quesadillas, so that's what I went with.  What I got were these WET triangle things, that had no shrimp and basically just alot of wet cheese.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't eat it....and I eat anything Tex Mex.    IF you come to Cabo Wabo (and I would really think hard about it) my advice is to just sit at the bar and have a couple margaritas.  Thankfully they don't screw that up.  Don't eat here though.  Eat your Mexican at Dos Caminos at Palazzo or Pink Taco at Hard Rock.
172	1	Got the meat lovers, great selection  of multiple diffrent meats and spicyness. Banchan  was good all very tasty.included sea weed salad and green salad and miso soup .  Delicious all together could have used a bit more grilled vegetables(should have ordered that side) but usually when you think of kbbq  it's for the meat anyways!!! Got some happy hour drinks flavored soju  my sister got the ginger I got the green apple. Ginger was delicious! Green apple 2 as very green apple-ey ; P place is good food for decent prices!!! Great service and located not far from the strip stop in and nom nom nom!!!
230	0	Once was enough for me. I am not coming back.  Not only is the service terrible, but the food is vastly overpriced, even for the strip. I waited about 40 minutes for ONE very simple, yet expensive dessert. I expected the quality to at least be great, but it was sightly above average at best. Nobody in my group was impressed.  In addition, a few of my friends recently received melted ice cream from this place. For a restaurant that is known for its desserts, that is unacceptable. Never mind, that should be unacceptable everywhere!  Satisfy your sweet tooth somewhere else.
1535	1	In my humble foodie opinion, Lotus of Siam has the best Thai food in Vegas and possible in the country (based on their food on the menu, not lunch buffet). How did I reach this conclusion?   - Well let's start with the food itself. The food is phenomenon. I have eaten Thai food in so many places and food at LoS is so much better in of taste,  flavors, spices, and quality. When I slurped the soup, I could tell the sweetness and flavor came from bones/meat  being stewed for hours, and NOT from loads of MSG many other places threw in to mask the sweetness. They seasoned the food so nicely that your tongue can taste the sourness, sweetness, spiciness and all other flavors at the same time without one overtaking others. The quality is always so fresh.  Food cooked here are truly being made with care and fitted for royalty.   - This restaurant used to be hole in the wall kind of restaurant but since expanded out and lookw much nicer inside. This restaurant is also located in a kinda shading commercial center that you normally would not visit if you're familiar with that area. But guess what?  This restaurant is packed every night and you wouldn't believe how many people took taxi and limousines all the way from the strip to dine at this place. There is usually a line waiting outside even before the restaurant is opened for dinner. If you plan to come late, I recommend getting a reservation ahead of time.  - The chef, Saipin Chutima, has won so many awards and is considered one of the best chefs in the country. The restaurant is Zagat rated and so many celebrities and famous chefs dined at this place.  In term of price, I think they are very reasonable for the quality of food you get here. At least here, you truly get what you pay for, unlike some other crappy places in the strip that charge you an arm and a leg for crappy food.   Don't believe me? Go try their dinner menu and you can see/taste for yourself.
1038	0	If I could give this place zero stars I would. My group and I were not expecting a 5 star dining experience walking into Cabo Wabo but what we weren't expecting was  to be so dissatisfied before our food even came. Our server recommended the specialty Cabo Wabo margarita because it's " made in house" and the other marg was basically a mix. So we ordered some pitchers and then some chips and salsa. When the chips and salsa and drinks came we were so hungry we dove right in. The salsa tasted like burnt cigarettes, and the margaritas were the worst I have ever had. Too sour and soooo watered down. Mind you pitchers were $45 so we were expecting something much better. We decided we didn't even want to give the food a chance (I had previously heard a table behind us talking about how horrible the food was.) We asked to cash out and got out of there as fast as we could. I will compliment the manager for only making us pay $30 for a $100 bill. Yes $100 for horrible chips/salsa and margaritas. We then headed over to HEXX which was amazing and a much better experience.
1544	0	Service was very slow! We had to wait about an hour til we get our food. We didnt order appetizers because we thought our orders were simple enough. I ordered fish and chips (it's on the specialties list) and the fish was overcooked.  Hubs ordered fish tacos.   Host was lovely. Waitress not so much. If you are hungry or pressed for time, do not come here!!
1731	0	Not a fan went in for a quick $60 snack ! This place is not cheap portions are small. I wanted dim sum but they all had pork. I asked if there was one without pork and the guy told me beef. I ordered the vegetable dumplings that came out really bland and wet. They gave me soy sauce I asked if he had anything spicy to mix in brought out a sauce and charged me $2. I also had to ask three times for the sauce and I was sitting right at the bar stool infront of the guy. I would pass on this place definitely not worth it. The soup was also pretty bland.
658	1	Open 24 hours a day, gigantic portion sizes, and a relaxed atmosphere...Grand Lux Cafe was the perfect late-night place to go after dancing!  Since we were staying at the Venetian, we stumbled upon this place all three nights we were there and it never let us down.  We were seated right away, the waitstaff was very attentive, and the place always had a pretty good crowd no matter what the time.    The menu is huge (and again, seriously, the portions are too), but we managed to navigate some delicious food...calamari, pizza, and potato spring rolls were among some of our favorites!  This place is a must for anyone looking for a late-night snack.  I'll definitely be back...
1186	1	Dope-ass burgers, yo.  Definitely one of the best fast-food burgers I've ever had. Eat your heart out In-N-Out. I was in Vegas for 3 days and I ate there twice and I'd have totally gone again, even though it was about a 30-40 minute walk from our hotel on the strip.  Cool vibe and delicious everything. The one criticism I have is that the menu isn't visible from the order counter. The menu is beside the queue where you wait to place your order, so you'd better decide what you want and remember it by the time you get to the front (remembering things in a, shall we say, compromised Vegas state of mind can be challenging at times).  The crinkle fries are delicious. I really liked them with the cheese on top.   Highly recommended. It's quintessential Vegas over-indulgence, but at an affordable price in an approachable atmosphere. This should be on your must-visit list when in Vegas, especially if you live on the West coast!
173	1	Such an expensive burger, but if you're offering an east coast exclusive restaurant on the west coast, expect people to line up. My friends and I got here right before peak dinner hour so the line was negligible.   I got the SmokeShack, it was pretty good, idk if I liked the chili peppers? I really liked the bread and how flavorful the patty was. The cheese fries were alright, kinda felt like it tasted like fake cheese (like they put on nachos) but tasted less like "fake" cheese.  The restaurant was really clean and well-ventilated! I like the ketchup and mustard dispensers, you don't have to pump it. It's more like a ketchup and mustard faucet. Lol
1286	0	Eh. That is the best word that expresses my experience at the buffet at the MGM.   There isn't anything too special at this buffet beside the fact they serve rock crab legs, other than that, the food here is just...there.   Nothing really stood out to me, yeah there was okay brisket and yes there was okay prime rib, but when in Vegas, your expectations are high, especially when it comes to buffets. If this buffet was, let's say in Bay Area, then this would probably be one of the better ones in the Bay. But because it's in Vegas, this ranks as one of the buffets on the bottom of my list. This is probably why the price of this buffet is 40% cheaper than the others.   If I were to describe this buffet in one sentence it would be this: "food that gets the job done." Because this is what this buffet is good for, a place where you can fill your body up. Don't expect a fine buffet experience, go to the cosmopolitan for that.  I would rather take an uber from the MGM to the cosmopolitan and spend that extra $15-20 to eat at the wicked spoon because its worth it. Take my word for it.
333	1	WOW. This place which is located in the middle of a huge strip mall took my breath away. The minute my friend and I walked in to the restaurant after a long day of walking on Las Vegas Blvd, were surprised to see how big this place was inside. It was about 5:30 in the evening and half the tables were already taken. By the time we finished our dinner, an hour later, the restaurant was full.   Inside, there is a room with a huge selection of wines. The two seating areas were nicely done, typical to most Thai restaurants. The menu had good selection of authentic Thai food and French/American wine. The fried rice that I ordered with basil, tofu and vegetables was done right. The flavors were adequate and of good taste. Fried rolls for appetizer were standard fare but not too fried which is good. Just the right amount of crisp. The frozen banana dessert tasted good just like at most Thai restaurants.   Lotus of Siam is a local Yelp favorite and as you can see from the other reviews, its averages a little over 4 stars. Great place with great food and service.
1238	1	Excellent quality meats. I've been to many Korean BBQ in different states, but this by far the best Korean BBQ. Not to mention their prices are very reasonable compare to other Korean BBQ I've been to.  Definitely will be coming back here again and again.
1667	1	This place was great! I gave it 5 stars because everything we sank our teeth into was phenomenal and our service was amazing. My boyfriend got the Rising Sun burger, I got the Golden Standard. Both were awesome. I think his may have been better just because it was so different and all the flavors were spot on!!! I got the oreo shake and he got the peanut butter/banana....both tasted delicious.  Our waitress, Kristine, was top notch. She was fun, polite, perky, and adorable. That kind of service is what we LOVE. We will definitely come back on our next trip to Vegas :)  If I could change one thing it would be the loud music...I mean, it was pretty loud, hard to have conversation over that loud of music during dinner!
1860	0	Had heard so much about Pinks Hot Dogs, so decided to get one for lunch today below my hotel at Planet Hollywood on the Las Vegas strip.  After eating there, I checked the reviews and was amazed to find some positive statements.  The hot dogs were thin footlong dogs, just boiled to heat them up.  What little flavor it had was quite bad.  The fries didn't have a bad taste, they had no flavor at all-  neither offensive or enjoyable.  Prices were typical Vegas, which is to say high, the food quality was poor.  I have been struggling to get the flavor, such that it was, out of my mouth for the last 20 mins.  Not at all what I expected and an utter disappointment.  I want to be reasonable but just can't find a basis to even give Pinks two stars.  Stay away and your wallet and stomach won't have to pay as I have.
588	1	I usually don't like to eat on The Strip when I'm in Vegas, but I was tempted to check out this place. I loved the cow art all over the restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive and the service was amazing. Yes, these buglers are not cheep, and your bill will probably go up if you're drinking, but then again it's The Strip.  I had the Gold Standard, which was one of the best burgers ever. The meat was delicious and the goat cheese complimented the burger perfectly. My friend had the burger with pork rinds and oaxacan cheese, which was so good. It was my heavy at all it was actually perfect. I really wanna try their adult shakes next time I'm there. Great beer selection also. They know their beers and burgers which is an A+ for me.
1658	0	HUGE.  CROWDED.  drunk girls peeing behind clear glass doors (they forget to flip the privacy switch).  This place is impressive, but try tryst, or guess XS, for something better.  I will say we got in for free by claiming to know somebody, didn't have to wait in line.  Bouncers here like to yell at people though.
1581	0	Average buffet with lots of food options. Because my mother is a platinum member through Total Rewards, we had the steamed crab, which was good. Main issue is that the service was slow. A lot of tables were not cleaned off in a timely manner. Ok buffet, but much better options available.
8	1	The food was great!   Our waitress was very occupied though, because I had to ask another waitress twice to get her.  We ordered the buffalo chicken rolls and they were delicious!  Crisp, hot and very good flavor. Then I got the pasta and salad lunch portion.  My pasta was very good. I ordered the Carbonara. A little too much peas for me, but after I picked a few off the top, it was good.  The salad was a small portion of greens on the side, but was perfect since the appetizer filled me up.  I also ordered a Blanco Sangria and it was just a 3 out of 5.  Drinkable, but wouldn't order again.   I really enjoyed the food, so I am still giving this a 5 regardless of the drink and service.  I will return.
1661	1	Wow this place was so good!  Came super late at night (its Vegas so normal hours do not apply) and the line was out the door. It is definitely worth the wait.  I went simple and ordered a shack burger and fries, but simple in taste it was not! The bun was so soft and buttery, the meat was like steak, and the fries were crispy. I could not believe how good something so uncomplicated was, quality was definitely there.  For sure second favorite burger ever, next to In-N-Out because I'm a California girl.
1696	0	This place is a royal rip off.   Because of the location on The Strip, they get by with mediocre bar food for entrees, poor service, and a snobby attitude, and at a Las Vegas Premium Price.   Deserts are decent, but stay away from the main courses. You can do a lot better.  Be prepared for a long wait, as well.   If this place were in any other location, it would have been closed a long time ago. However, as long as there are young college kids, who have Dad's money to spend, and don't care about price, it will continue to flourish.
1805	1	If you are looking for a standard burger, be warned, you will not find it here; the burgers here are upscale and Asian-fusion inspired.  This place is also a bit small, so get here early because it fills up quick.  The service here was great, and the food was even better - the pork buns we had for an appetizer were outstanding; as good or better than I've had elsewhere in Vegas.  The burger (I had the Miyagi-san) was great, although if I got it again I would leave off the fried egg. The salt & pepper garlic fries were amazing, as was garlic chili aioli that came with them (I could put that on cardboard and still enjoy it) - and just a note, the fries are big enough to share between two people.  You can tell Bachi Burger went out of their way to be a little different, and they have succeed, and impressively done it without being cheesy. If you're looking to spice up you're typical burger, you can't go wrong with Bachi Burger.
1136	0	Overpriced and underwhelming. I'm so disappointed  I wasted a meal eating here.  A salad, shake, soda and burger with a side of onion rings for $50???? The salad was over dressed and extremely salty. The burger tasted like it was a frozen grocery store patty.  Not worth the trip at all.
159	1	This was a positively sublime burger-eating experience.  When in town for a weekend, this was the one place I wanted to make sure I stopped by, and I wasn't disappointed.  Buddy and I each ordered the kobe beef burger and couldn't have been happier.  The meat was prepared perfectly, and the list of available toppings was extensive.  I love that the toppings went from mild to wild and cheap to expensive.  This is probably the only place where one could get a burger with both shaved truffle slices and velveeta.  I went with carmelized onions and gorgonzola - delicious!  As others have said, you must try the sweet potato fries.  They are well worth the extra expense and are scrumptious.  One last piece of advice - do the call-ahead seating.  The restaurant doesn't do reservations, but you can call ahead up to a half hour.  My buddy and I did this and were able to walk right in upon arrival.  The place was packed, and the relatively huge line that formed behind us didn't care for us all that much.  In the end, the price was more than reasonable, given how well-prepared and customizable the meal is.  There may be a better burger somewhere else, but I certainly have yet to find it.
130	0	I guess memorial day weekend was not a good time for tao. Everyone was pissed because we were all there to see Kaskade who didn't even come on until 2. it was supposed to be a 6 hour set and along with that all of the employees kept saying he was coming on at 1. Maybe it would be better to go on a not so popular weekend. I literally couldn't even walk without being seriously scared that I was going to die by stampede. Other than that the decor was cool and if you eat at the restaurant girls are free and guys are half off. It was alright...
406	0	Meh...food is ok, service removing plates from table was good.  The choices were not that alluring.  In the Latin area there were nacho chips???  I liked the Asian noodles and beef with peppers, and the tiramisu dessert.  My husband enjoyed the prime rib. Neither of us liked the crab legs, they were split in half and didn't have much flavor.  At least, this was included in our stay here at the Mirage.  I would NEVER pay for this buffet.
719	0	Honesty, I would want to give this place 1 star...but the Excalibur buffet is worse...which automatically bumps this place up to two stars....but let me tell you....it a VERY low 2 stars. NOTHING was exciting about this buffet. I do feel like I need to provide at least one positive thing, however the only positive thing I can think of is the seating arrangement. The seating is arranged so that it is not so "Cafeteria style". IDK if thats so much of a positive but that is the best I could do.   The food is bland, not seasoned well. Plain boring "Comforter food". Waaaaaaaay over priced for the food they provide. I paid $38 for the all you can eat day pass, but will NEVER do that again. It is NOT a deal if you don't like the food and don't eat it. I tried a little bit of everything (My buffet ritual) But I literally took one bite and put it down and moved to the next. I honestly don't remember taking more than one bite of anything. It was gross.  I went to McDonald's an hour later and had the best meal I had that day. And I don't even eat McDonald's. Ok so perhaps I'm being a little harsh....but to be honest, you can pay that same exact price to eat at the Wicked Spoon (BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP, Don't believe yelp it)  anyways like I was saying, you can pay the same price, and eat like a Queen or King until you are stuffed!! And you still will want to eat because EVERYTHING is so tasty, you'll be so stuffed you won't need to eat for the rest of the day. ( At least that is what happened to me on several occasions) There fore, you are pretty much paying the same price for the days worth of food, but with a better experience. \  But bottom line, even if I were to get a free pass for this buffet, I would probably try to sell it to a foolish person for $5, take that and go put it in a slot machine. I wouldn't eat this food again if it were free, now, if I were starving...maybe...but then again,  it's Vegas...no such thing as starving....so nope...won't be eating here again EVER.    BLAH
957	1	This was by far the best burger I've ever had!!! I ordered the Rising Sun Burger and the meat was SOOO moist!  I loved the teriyaki glaze, tempura avocado, and yam crisps.  Such an interesting and unique blend of flavors.  My boyfriend got the Campfire S'more Bam-Boozled Shake which was delicious and the Gold Standard Burger.  The burger was smokey and rich and the aged goat cheddar cheese, bacon and arugula brought it all together.    Holsteins will surely become our go-to amazing meal spot in Vegas.  SOOOOOOO good!  Why does it have to be so far away?
211	1	I ate here on the evening of December 26th with my family, and it was fantastic!! The great customer service started before we even got there! Our reservation (get a reservation by the way) was for 5:15pm, but we were still gridlocked in traffic on Sahara at that time. I called the restaurant to see if our reservation could be pushed back until 5:45pm. The hostess said she would hold our table until we arrived!  Shortly after we arrived we were seated at our table in the center of the restaurant. Our waiter was the best! He was very personable and explained the IPAD drink ordering menu to us. He then wheeled the meat cart over to us, so we could pick out our steaks (the meat cart is indescribable, you'll have to look at the photos) We ended up ordering the seafood platter for 4 as an appetizer, split the rib eye steak and lobster tail, and had the creamed spinach and Mac and Cheese on the side. Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. We didn't have room for dessert! We'll just have to get the sticky toffee pudding next time. We'll be back!!!
756	1	I've been meaning to start writing Yelp reviews for a while now, and I've repeatedly considered what business would receive my first review. I've decided that it HAS to be the Peppermill and it HAS to be five stars.  (For this review, I'm focusing strictly on the lounge.)  My wife and I are Las Vegas locals now, but we've been frequenting the Fireside Lounge since our tourist days. We came here on the night we got engaged. We came here on the night we got. We come here on our birthdays and anniversaries. There simply isn't any place in town more comfortable and romantic for a couple of kitsch lovers like us.  Sure, the strip location means it gets crowded on the weekends - moreso lately than it used to, it seems - but scoring a seat on one of the plush pink couches around the firepit makes it more than worth the trip. The waitresses are super-friendly and they'll remember you between visits.  My only complaints are that the drinks are a little weak and the music selection a little poppy. The former is because I've been conditioned by super-strong Fink Bombs at Frankie's Tiki Room, and the latter is because I'm apparently a hipster douche. Neither complaint is worth tarnishing a perfect score.  The Peppermill is easily one of our favorite places on the entire globe and now it's only a couple of miles down the street from us. We're so lucky to now live so close to this neon-encrusted gem.
995	1	Best Korean food in Vegas....PSY would agree!!! My brother and I ordered the Meat Lover and a side of romain lettuce...we are both big eaters and still had food left over!!  Free dessert was a bonus!!  Make rezzies as we waited 1.5 hours on a Wednesday!  Worth the wait though!!
959	0	A group of us stopped in later in the night after a work convention ended. The place was pretty bare compared to the other eateries we checked out first. That should have been our first clue.   The food was mediocre at best. Out of the 5 of us, no one was impressed. In fact one of us didn't even touch the chicken to their chicken & waffles. I ordered the corned beef hash and I don't know what happened. Maybe being close to the casino, they figure everyone is drunk and looking for greesy food, or maybe the cook accidentally spilled the oil on my plate but I could tip my plate and watch the oil run off. I ended up eating enough so that I wasn't starving and left the rest.   The service was horrible. We were constantly out of water. Our waiters switched over shortly after sitting down and I think the new guy forgot about us. Once we ordered, it seemed like forever that we got our food but the worst was paying. We gave the waiter our money/cards and he took off for 25 minutes! We watched him service other tables while we waited to get our change or in my case, my credit card back. I'm sorry but I'm not comfortable with the fact that my credit card was sitting God knows where for that long. Needless to say, I've been vigilantly checking my account every day just to make sure.   Not worth the bad food or service. Look elsewhere.
250	0	Good valet service.  Front desk service is horrific...especially a person named Del who argues and hangs up the phone on guests.  Bell service is terrible, they lost my bag.  It is unbelievable to me how a bag can be lost from the car to the room.  However, the Raiding the Rock Vault Show is awesome, the LVH is lucky to have it.  Having stayed there two times now, the rooms are very gross, and I had the nicest suite you could have.  The carpet is so disgusting....they brought it over from a hotel across the street.  I was told from an employee who has been there for 30 years.  They are owned right now by Goldman Sachs, and are hoping that someone buys them.  The furniture is old and disgusting.  I wonder how this hotel stays alive with all the new, shiny hotels that are available to stay at.  And the employees are not even nice.  If they were, it might make up for the poor hotel conditions.
911	1	I come here every time I visit Vegas.  The food here is incredible. Every time we spend a while here, enjoying a number of courses.    For brunch I had the Chicken & Waffles.  Every part of this is delicious in it's own right, and then also amazing combined.    For dinner I had a series of appetizers and the Gigot d'Agneau (Lamb).  I can't remember this one so well, but I recall that I was very pleased.
1762	1	I'm not sure what people expect from a fast-ish food joint.  Your review should be for what it is, not on what you're comparing it to.  GEEZ!!!  Awesome burger.  It may actually become my go-to fast food burger when in Vegas.  Sorry In-&-Out...  This is a really good burger that actually seems more like a back-yard barbecue style than the traditional frozen patty that you seem to get everywhere else.  Good fries, good drinks and good vibes.  Go to Shake Shack if you want to keep your taste "buds" buds.
694	0	Over priced and dreadful Chinese food tucked in to a corner of Ceasar's Palace.  Wish I could have that meal and my money back.  By far the worse experienced I have had in Las Vegas.  I would have complained had there been one person there who seemed remotely interested in my experience.  Run, run, run the other way.
1270	1	Its a value and great deal.  That being said, a foursome (2 couples) with eats and drinks is going to be about $120.  $40 bucks a person, if you want to be like super stuffed.  Otherwise, you can probably get away with $30 a person (tip not included with that price).  Great food, great service, great AYCE Korean BBQ in Vegas.   Been here 2x and still loving it.
1996	1	Seriously wow. Was their 2 days ago and wow. Went in about 1230 pm and there was a wait. The lady whipped out her ipad and took our cell number and said wed receive a text when our table was ready.  Maybe just me being a goof but I thought it was super cool! Took about 25 minutes but was expected with the crowd so wandered the casino floor. When we were seated my mouth was watering looking at everyone's food. We sat down and the staff was super friendly. We ordered the onion rings to start and holy heck these were the BEST I've ever had. The crisp on the outside crumbled in my mouth as the onion only gave the slightest of resistance as i bit through it. Soooo good! The house ranch that came with was outstanding as well.  The burger, which was the farmhouse, was simply epic. Let me say this, cheeseburgers are my bliss. Every city I go to I look for an awesome burger place and have had more burgers then probably any other food and this was flat out the best. The meat was cooked to a perfect medium and the egg was fried perfectly! The duck belly bacon was awesome. The fries were good. Not mind blowing but when you have that burger it simply compliments it. Every time I hit vegas I will have to return here. Even my fiance' who is not a hardcore burger person absolutely loved and devoured her classic american hamburger. The place has a good modern hip feel to it. Highly recommend to ANYONE they have a pretty wide array of burger options nothing to crazy just good old burgers and add on's. Do yourself a favor and grab a burger.  The only draw back was due to the wait but was understandable with the crowd. So good!
412	0	Positives: Smoke free section of the casino Beds are really comfortable Monorail station at hotel  Ok now for the review. So we are in town for a convention and wanted to stay a few days extra to enjoy Vegas. Decided to book a few nights at LVH because there was a deal I couldn't pass up on a travel site. So we check in and I ask about an upgrade to a room with a refrigerator and was told that there was the newly updated rooms for $20 extra a night with all these extra features like in room coffee and the requested refrigerator. Then in looking at the site there is not much difference in the $10 extra and $20 extra a night. In room coffee maker, yeah my morning caffeine. Until I pick up the cup and read the lid.... $3.50 per cup used. I can get a venti coffee at Starbucks cheaper. Even the room service coffee was a better deal at 2 cups for $5.75. $18 a day resort fee and I have to pay $3.50 a cup of coffee and can only connect one device to the wifi connection. While I am not a big fan of resort fees, usually don't complain too much when I have coffee, wifi, newspaper, gym etc.However,  the resort fee here doesn't cover much and only seems to be an additional fee to increase their bottom line. Now even with the fee, It was a better price than the other hotels with a price of $38 a night for a Thursday and Friday night with major conventions in town. That being said I don't think I will be staying here again. I am in Vegas twice a year at least for work and think I will stick with the hotels I know and have stayed at many times in the past.
169	1	Brought a visiting friend here for a relaxed dinner before putting her on the RedEye.  Place was packed early on a Monday, and for good reason.  Absolutely divine.  As other reviewers have mentioned the Crispy Duck Panang is perfection, though, I ordered a level "6" spice and I could have gone up a couple of notches.  Prices are totally reasonable- 2 soup, 2 entree, 4 beers came out to under $70 including tip (and we had leftovers).  Service was prompt but not rushed and very friendly.  Ambiance is somewhat lacking, but food, service and value totally make up the difference.
298	0	The only good thing about the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's is their service. The workers are super nice and very friendly. It's sucha shame that their buffet really sucks.  It's a good size buffet that covers different kinds of foods by regions. IMHO, everything sucked, but there were a couple that were by far 'decent' and they were the tacos, which you can pick and choose to put in what you want, the shumai dumplings, ice creams, and salad.  Yet, nothing else was worth my $25 for Flavors.
41	0	Do not come here.. Horrible service.. bland food.. waste of time.. Go to Earl Sandwiches instead.    Came here Fri after a night out.. Sat early AM.. and ordered the congee and the duck soup... YUCK.. Worst $23 spent ever and horrible service! Why did it take 30 minutes to get our food? 2 items? No cooking needed, just scooping the soup up... the congee was so bland.. drinking water was better that that.. and the duck soup..The noodles weren't even cooked all the way!  It was still all stuck together.. Waste of time and money.. and it was so hard to track down our server, let alone trying to pay our bill... Wish we just walked out..
1051	1	This is our fist time try this place. The food was really good as well as the service. We order the Las Vegas combo with 2 appetizers, almost forget to mention they have happy house between 4pm-6pm. There's a lot of food share, we cant even finish it, so we take some home. I would recommend this place to our friends, and we definitely will return.
1517	1	This place is awesome! If you come to Vegas, it's a must visit. So juicy and amazingly delicious. You won't be disappointed.  Prices are very reasonable and service is friendly and welcoming. This isn't a date place, it's a-"eat a good burger and grab a beer" kinda place. I can't wait to go back.
1232	1	The best Thai food I had in long time.  I started with Sa-Tay of chicken.  Very good pickle vegetables and a delicious peanut sauce.  I enjoy it immensely.  My girlfriend had the Tom Yum Kai.  She really enjoyed the soup.  I was lucky and got to try it before she ate it up.  I agree, the soup was great. I had the drunken seafood noodles with spice level of 7.  It was spicy but satisfying.  The food was delicious and the spicy sauce was incredible.  We came pretty late but service was still very good.  Definitely, will be back again.
940	1	Came here late night a few nights ago and was really impressed. First of all they are open 24hrs which is awesome especially when you are partying all night. The place is really big and always pretty crowed which says something in itself. The staff is extremely friendly and very patient which is a plus. The food is great and they give you really big portions so come with an appetite. Overall the Peppermill was a great discovery for me and i would highly recommend it to any one looking for a late night or early morning eats.
49	0	We had to pay almost $5.00 for a bowl of RICE!  I could not believe that the main dish did not come with anything else.  Everything is ordered.  I know it's Caesar's at the Las Vegas strip, but please, four entrees, four bowls of rice and three teas, one had water, cost over $100 for lunch!!!
1121	0	WAY too expensive for what you get! Got the steak and eggs for $20 literally finished it in 5 bites! The steak was TINY, OVERCOOKED, & FLAVORLESS. Gotta say I was a fan of the lychee mimosa but it was way more juice than champagne. I would save the money n go somewhere else like Earl of Sandwiches!
1025	1	We came here for the happy hour appetizers. It's a pretty solid kbbq joint. The service is good, the food is excellent, and the atmosphere is very chill. I brought my family here along with my 1 year old, it is very kid friendly. Don't forget to save room for the macaroon ice cream sandwich!
143	1	This place immediately ranked in my top 10 restaurants list. The concept is cool - burger and milkshake bar - and the create-your-own burger is a great touch. What is more Vegas than the option to make your own burger and top it with a lobster tail or just have a plain ol' cheeseburger? This is what I love about Vegas, culinary free reign in every shape and size at every price point. Viva!  I had a turkey burger with caramelized veggies, a side of fries, and a Nutella milkshake. Talk about heaven! The flavors were great, quality was very good, prices were fair, service was attentive, and just an all around great lunch. I would go back in a heartbeat!
1379	1	From the beginning to the end, this restaurant was an amazing experience. Yaron, our waiter, was so helpful and had a great personality. We had the pork belly appetizer which melted in the mouth. So yummy! For dinner, I had the bone-in ribeye and the flavor was outstanding. My fianc had the Gordon's signature beef Wellington and that did not disappoint. We tried the fingerling potatoes and sauted mushrooms both outstanding. Last but not in any way least, sticky toffee pudding for dessert! Every bite of everything left us with "O" faces. We can't wait to come back. You get what you pay for and we would've paid double!
339	1	First time eating Korean BBQ in Vegas and this place was conveniently located right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel.  I ordered the Spicy Ramen with Egg which was especially flavorful with just the right amount of spicy.  The wife ordered the Bibimbap original which was a little on the bland side but nothing a little salt and hot sauce can't fix.  The kids enjoyed grilling the bulgogi beef and it came out sweet and tasty.  Overall just really good food and the servers were quick.  Would definitely recommend.
1201	1	With over 2,000 reviews and nearly 5 star rating, I'm not sure there's much more I could say that hasn't already been stated by others but I tell you what, this place is truly worthy of the raves and ratings.   Located about two miles passed Palace Station casino off Sahara Ave, The Egg & I is a wonderful breakfast/brunch place that is continuously packed. The service is quick, efficient and friendly. Our server Perry was right there ready to take our orders and food arrived shortly afterwards.   We had the prime rib benny, grandma's biscuits and gravy, corned beef hash and Island Favorite. Everything was delicious but I found the benny to be a bit salty for my preference....the banana nut muffin was sooo good and moist. I highly recommend this place and will be back here the next time I come to Vegas.
350	1	Best shake I have ever had in my life. Enjoyed the cowboy shake as recommended by my server and ordered the Rossini burger medium rare. Skinny fries, zucchini, onion rings with house made ketchup.  Chipotle aoiloe, pesto and spicy ketchup. Everything is amazing here and the service was great! Our waiter had fabulous recommendations. I like how you can order the sauces individually.
912	1	Wonderful selection and choice on their menu - I get so excited when I look at a menu and can't choose! The burgers were out of this world - "The Big Fat Greek" lamb burger was my choice with sweet potato fries and onion rings on the side. I was in the company of "my burger Posse" so we shared - YUM!! From Korean burgers to tandoori - WOW.
1928	1	A Vegas staple.  I've been here about 30 times, the galbi is best because they remove it from the bone. This is the best Korean bbq you will find...if you are looking to get a tattoo and your nails done on either side of the location.  I like the constant stream of K-pop and gangsta rap.  Get the Korean galbi and don't forget the enoki mushrooms.
1881	0	Customer Service here is awful! The servers literally stood around together talking and laughing and completely ignored their tables. Also they look for every opportunity to upsell you, and when you are not interested in taking a picture that they practically force you to buy they are super rude.   This place is super overpriced for what you get here. The chicken salad was just iceburg lettuce with a little chicken on top/nothing special.   I wouldn't recommend senior frogs if you are looking for good food at a good price!
829	0	I have been to this location many times and, as usual, it disappointed me again. I always hope that things will change but they don't. The Founders Sirloin Filet that they advertise is extremely fatty and very tough to chew. The Garlic Marinated Sirloin is rationed. If you want more than one piece you need to make a second trip to get it. Apparently the employees can only give you one piece at a time. A lot of the dishes were not at the proper temperature (not hot enough). The service is terrible. When I pointed out a problem to one of the management team I was told "Don't worry about it" as if this person could not be bothered. I drove quite a distance to eat here because it's the only Golden Corral in Las Vegas. No more. I'm not going to waste precious gas to be disappointed and treated like crap. I'd rather eat at Burger King.
430	0	Not impressed by this buffet at all, but at least I got it for free! They had a large variety of foods, much like the newer buffets around. Sadly, their quality is severely lacking.  The carving station was very inconsistent. My prime rib was dreadful, but my bf had a good piece. I also made the mistake of trying some ham, which was salty and dry. As for the seafood section, the crab was actually okay... not awesome but okay.  The shrimp cocktail was not fresh at all though. They had smoked salmon which can't go wrong at all.   Desserts: the only thing that appealed to me were the coconut macaroon cookies. The ONLY good dessert. That's really sad because I love sweets.
1844	1	I am traveling to Vegas for a convention. I also have Celiacs so I was afraid to eat anywhere for fear of being "Glutened". I was lucky to find this restaurant my first day here so I came back everyday for lunch. I am happy to say that the food was not only Delicious, but healthy for my food restrictions. The staff is really friendly and the atmosphere is casual but fun and clean. I highly recommend!
946	1	Great food, fast and friendly service. Modern upbeat decor, privatish booths.  Honey bread took over 20 minutes, but was great - order ahead.  Close to the strip, across from the hard rock hotel and Hofbruhaus house (and kiss minigolf).  No frills, would be happy to go back anytime.
127	1	I am still salivating over the delicious meal I had here!    Starters: my 3 college buddies and I shared the beer battered maui onion rings (the best onion rings I've ever had) along with the truffle parmesan fries.  The portions were so generous we didn't even finish them!   Milkshake: I didn't even know pudding on top of a milkshake could be a thing but oh boy does it take this icy treat to the next level!  I opted for Shake #4 (crme brle pudding + oreo shake + oreo cookie) and it was so delicious that I inhaled it in record time.  It was one of those concoctions in which I wish it was in a bottomless glass.  Word of advice: use the large straw they give as a way to scoop up every last drip of pudding   Burger: I've had so many incredible burgers from the East to the West Coast that I wasn't expecting to be as blown away by the Hell's Kitchen Burger as I was! They grind the patty blend onsite and this leads to the most flavorful and juicy burger you could ever imagine.  Add in the asadero cheese, roasted jalapeo peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomato and you have one of the most flavorful culinary experiences of all-time.
695	0	Was so excited to come try out the food for my 21st birthday an was extremely beyond disappointed. The service was terrible the guy at the windows answer to my 2 questions about the food I was ordering were simply "I don't know". Then I got my 13 dollar fries an hot dog that I ended up throwing away because the bread was so stale an dry I literally have never had bread that stale ever it was gross an me being as pissed off as I was lost my appetite an threw it all away no point in eating something that gross anyways. I don't recommend this place at all I give it -5 stars never been to a place this terrible ever.
1126	1	This restaurant is incredible! The service and food quality is always top notch. Future father in-law loved his Beef Wellington, and my fiance with a small appetite ate every bit of his delicious rib cap! My lobster and truffled fingerling potatoes were amazing! I could eat 50 of both! The best drink-The Drifter-amazing! Our server was Ted, followed by our server assistant Sean. They were both extremely knowledgable about the menu/food allergies/beef origins and selection. With impeccable service and stellar food, my family and I cannot wait to go back!
55	1	Went in with low expectations... Thinking it would be cheesy, expensive, mediocre food and small portions.  I was blown away on all accounts. Drinks were huge, portions were generous and the food was DELICIOUS and met the standards of a fine dining institution.   The Ramsay brand did not let down!  P.S. Beef Wellington FTW
187	1	Crazy Bernie is a big fan of Gordon's and puts his money where his mouth is by going into this great spot each and every time he goes to Paris LV about 4x a year. Beef Wellington just like what they make on Hell's Kitchen is out of this world. Got to meet chef Christine the first time I went soon after she won the head chef position.  Highest quality food with prices in line with quality level. When you say no to Gordon Ramsey Steak....you say no to life!
1325	0	Diablo must've sucked the soul outta the food, cuz it was so bland!  We came here for lunch and boy were we hungry! Usually when we go to hispanic restaurants, 2 plates is too much for the both of us, so we ordered a burrito to share and some chips n salsa. I'm used to chips and salsa being complimentary, but it wasn't here. I think we had to pay about 5 bucks for the chips and salsa. That's a lot considering it's usually free.  The chips came with 3 different salsas, none of which had any flavor. It was like eating chips dipped in water.  We were starving when we got here so we ordered one burrito for the both of us expecting it to be gargantuan like usual, but boy were we wrong! This burrito was so small! Probably the size of a bean and cheese burrito at Taco Bell. The only difference was that it had sauce on it. We looked at each other and said "wtf, we're still gonna be starving after this." So we tried to take our time eating that little hot pocket with minimal flavor. After a minute, we were done and I finished off the chips by dipping them into the beans it came with.   Diablo is deceiving, why should I be surprised?
1740	1	The wife and I went here for lunch one day. It's tough to find (hence the name), but worth the trip, especially if you're nearby the Cosmopolitan.  She had the white pizza, and I had the sausage and banana pepper.  We want back for seconds.   It's a walk-up counter to order, and you can either get the order to go, or they have a few bar-type seats there.  After you order, they warm your slice in the oven for a few minutes, and call you out when it's ready.   It is affordable, of good quality, with friendly and efficient service.  I will definitely return on my next visit to Sin City.
863	1	Great service, eggceptional food.  I wish we had such a breakfast place in Salt Lake City. Carla too amazing care of us, and our meals were prepared perfectly, even though the portions were too big.     It was my second or possibly third visit here, and it is consistently great.
167	0	The air filtration system in the rooms are in poor condition. On two occasions of my stay here at the hotel, both times my room smelled like wet mops and mildew. I awoke coughing after an uncomfortable rest in a room that's scent choked my lungs.  The lobby staff IS friendly and aside of that, the rooms are , at most, barely tolerable.
1863	0	We ordered the deep fried oreo sundae. It took a long time to get it. When they finally brought it out, they took it to the wrong table. When we got it, it was melted and the oreos were soggy. My kids tried to eat it, but it just wasn't good. After quite a while, I finally got the waiter to come over. I told him it wasn't good, and that we didn't want it. He took it away, and the manager came over a few minutes later. She wanted to know what the problem was, so I explained that it took too long to come out and when it did, it was goopy and not good. She tried to give excuses and reasons why it sometimes tastes like that. After I told her I just didn't want it, she said she would "take care of it". When we got the bill, she still charged us $9 for it. Full price was $15, so we had to pay for more than half of something that we didn't enjoy and didn't eat. That's the last time we go there. There's just too many choices in Vegas to need to go there again.
640	1	Literally the best burger I have ever had and I have tried a lot. The restaurant is beautiful with streaming flames that dress the windows.  You could sit at a regular table or at s high seat table. To top is off they also have the best sweet potatoe fires.  To add a sweet zing they sprinkle them with powdered sugar. From now on whenever in Vegas a stop at Gordons Burgr is mandatory !!!
1243	0	two stars because seems mean to give this a one-star. I'm sure much of my review is due to an anti-buffet bias, but I really expected a lot more because Vegas buffets are so legendary. we got a free meal as part of the Mystere tickets (incredible show, btw) but I would have rather paid for a better meal. I think it's normally $32pp  there aren't as many stations as I expected. The best one was the BBQ area, the brisket was really good. the desserts were just okay. some of the fruit fillings on the tarts tasted canned.  while I'm sure there are those who appreciate quantity over quality, IMO even as a freebie for the Mystere show it's not worth it
649	1	Delicious, great service, and a sweet environment! Vacation perfect. Enjoyed the time with my friends. The waiters were very attentive, filling out water often and checking on us and the grill. This place is family friendly but could be great for a date night because of the quite low key environment. Food came out quickly and tasted great! Check this great place out next time you're in Las Vegas.
506	1	Yes, it lives up to the hype. When you look at this place from the outside you might not be impressed, but when you look at the menu and try their food then you'll be a believer. Not only is this authentic Thai food, their selection is immense. Being my first time here I had a hard time deciding what to order, but going by other Yelper's reviews, I ordered:  - Nam Kao Tod (Appetizer): Selected 4 out of the 10 spiciness levels, seemed to be about right for me, but be wary, I saw some other tables sweating and downing drinks when they got too much spice. - Tom Kah Kai (Soup): Delicious, it has coconut milk on it which gives it a unique flavor, definitely worth a try. - Drunken Noodle Chicken & Pork Pad Se-Ew (Entrees): The noodles in both of this, out of this world. I personally likeD the Pork Pad Se-Ew better but they were both really good. - Nam Prik Ong (Red chilli dip): Never had it before, interesting to try, but wouldn't put it on top of my list. - Coconut ice cream with fried banana: I was so full I wasn't going to get dessert but other people were recommending it. It's definitely tasty, but I would rather save space for trying more dishes.  All in all, the food was absolutely amazing and this is what this place is all about. Kudos for them. Don't miss this place if you're ever in Vegas, it is quite the gastronomic tour-de-force.
227	0	I went to lunch around 3pm with no line. Awesome right? Anyways the food was ok. Decent. Better than hometown imo but my gripe is the staff. My server sucks. Never once did she ask if I wanted a refill on my drink and my plates were stacked 4 high...  I had to complain to the floor manager Anthony. He apologized but still the lack of professionalism had caused me to have an awful experience. Don't know if I would go back.  If I do it would ve because of the floor manager
1273	0	So watching them make the noodles is very cool. And makes you want to try it.     So we were there at 9pm and it was not busy but for some reason we and other people waited for 20 min.  Probably was understaffed but I counted 5 servers serving on 7 tables. Probably could do more but hey I don't run it.   Beef noodle soup was the highlight they were great. Wish the fresh made noodle Had tapioca in it to make chewier.    The Dan Dan.   Sucked.  I mean take noodles had spicey sesame oil and there you go.   Oh wait forgot there was a tiny bit of meat.    Other dishes we got were not memorable so   Would go back for beef noodle assuming I won at the tables. Haahaa
1088	0	I've been in here three times and forgot my lesson from the first trip.  First off, this typifies overpriced Strip-located establishments.  Bloody Mary at $12 was okay but very stripped down and equipped with just 2 olives, not a lot of effort or attempt to favorably impress.  Minimum ingredients.  The steak fajitas were about like Applebee's but at about $24. Again fairly basic and no attempt to be anything special or remarkable, just overpriced.  There are a number of TV's well spaced around to watch football or the NCAA basketball opening rounds.  It is located right off the sidewalk on the Strip, and adjoins the Monte Carlo casino, with a coffee shop next to it.  At night this place really cranks up the music loud, I mean so it's difficult to hear the person next to you.  The bar is in the middle and has a clinical stainless steel appearance and feel, although the other patrons are usually friendly and the bartender did a good job.  The waiting staff were pretty disinterested to seat me or pay anything but minimal attention to me during my last stay, which was at 11:00 a.m. opening with very few other customers.  Good fajitas but not special, below par cocktail, cold staff, and a $40+ tab for one.  Probably won't go in again although I usually stay right there in the Monte Carlo Hotel.
1147	0	Tonight my family and I dined at the MGM Grand Buffet, complimentary buffet thanks to New York New York. I must say this buffet was far from Grand ... It wasn't that great at all. I am glad i didn't spend $86 of my own money. This buffet needs more kid friendly food. My daughter had fried chicken, slice of pizza, vegetables, salad.   As I walked around the buffet, I noticed they had minimal selections of food. The woman working the carving station in charge of the prime beef, turkey, and sausage seemed brand new! I watched her cut slices of prime rib, they would splash onto the cutting board & the juice from the meat splattered over 2 customers onto their clothes. The prime rib was under cooked, the turkey slices were cut too thick, & were dry.   I ventured over to where the crab legs & shrimp were located. The crab legs looked decent, but I didn't have any. The shrimp .... Oh my goodness ... I can't believe this hotel served this fishy, smelly, old shrimp to their patrons. The shrimp was brown, smelled really horrible, & had white dots on it ... (Please see the picture of the old shrimp I uploaded) ! I know what OLD shrimp looks like & they had a whole big tray full of it ... People were grabbing them by the spoonfuls ... Ick I was getting ill !   The desserts were decent. They have a delicious Oreo cheesecake, chocolate cupcake, and carrot cake. The servers wait staff was pleasant, but didn't attend to us very much.   Would we come back here for bland food & old shrimp ..... NO thank you.
238	0	MORE? How about a little LESS!!!  This place is disgusting. After one bite I already wanted to leave. The food taste old and had no flavor. I had to put hot sauce in my soup to get a taste.   The place didn't even look nice. It looked like a hospital cafeteria.   Waste of money. The buffet at Treasure Island tasted much better than this restaurant, if that's what you can even call it.
478	1	This is one of the best burger places in town! I have been here about ten times in the past couple months probably, and I am still satisfied and trying everything on the menu!  If you like the whole Asian-style burgers, you will have to try this! Oh, and don't forget to try the Oxtail chili-cheese fries! To die for!!
688	1	my friend took me here for dinner touting it as the best bistro in vegas.  and Bouchon didn't disappoint.   wow.  the oyster/mussles/lobster platter was fantastic (just get the half platter as an appetizer, the full would be it).  the duck was INCREDIBLE.  As was my friend's lamb.  We came back the next night for the steak.
465	1	All you need to know: THE BEST SKINNY FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. EVER.  Perfectly cut, not greasy, perfectly salted, crunchy outside, soft hot inside. I ate every last one and I could have eaten more.  So it is no secret that I love Hubert Keller.  I have the hugest crush on him with his French accent, charming smile, and gray ponytail.  And I don't typically crush on older men, that's a fact.  I also love how he's always adorably sweet and encouraging on the Top Chef shows.  And his PBS shows make it look easy to make souffle...yeah, right, but he makes it look easy.  So we went to Burger Bar after an unintended visit to the airport to retrieve my BF's lost ID.  Ugh.  This place looks like an updated more upscale diner with booths, tables, and bar seating.  Get your fave type of seating and get ready to stuff yourself!  Burgers are either "build your own" or Chef's burgers that are already designed with toppings, etc.  They even have veggie burgers and fish burgers so if you don't like beef you are still going to find something here.  I ordered the Hubert Keller burger that was buffalo meat with caramelized onions, baby spinach and bleu cheese on a ciabatta with red wine and shallots sauce.  If it is good enough for Hubert it is good enough for me.  The burger was perfectly medium rare and the entire thing was messy and dripping with savory juices from the sauce and the caramelized onions. It was delicious...and huge!  I didn't finish the entire thing but that may have been because I stuffed my face with fries.  The BF got the lamb burger.  This one is with secret spices, tomato, cilantro, and spicy burger bar ketchup.  It had a great spice taste, like Middle Eastern inspired flavor.  And the spicy ketchup - that is the stuff.  We ordered a separate order of that for our fries.  Not that the fries needed ketchup but damn that ketchup was good.  I cannot stress enough how good those fries were.  I am a huge fan of skinny fries, crunchier the better, and dear God they were amazing.    If you don't want burgers, they do have salads and a chicken sandwich too.  They also have milkshakes, including BOOZY milkshakes.  If ONLY I had enough room for one of those too.    Service was good, our waitress was attentive and didn't let us go thirsty.  She also answered that Chef Keller was not there that weekend and told me I could keep up with his whereabouts (i.e. stalk him more effectively) on facebook.  She confirmed that he is a sweet guy just like I already knew.  The prices are pretty standard Vegas if you ask me which means it isn't gonna be the cheapest burger...mine was $22 if that tells you.  And the ketchup extra was $1.  But hey, that's how it goes.  Next time you are in Vegas and want a casual atmosphere and a damn fine burger and the best fries EVER you need to come here.
498	0	This place is way overrated! There was a long line to get in and once our group got in we noticed that the club was not even full. I included some of the many reasons to avoid this god forsaken place.  Reason #1 :  As a female I did not have to pay to get in but my male friends had to pay 30 bucks! Now looking back I wouldn't pay 5 cents to get in!  Reason #2: After about an hour the club started getting full to the point we couldn't move and the stupid bouncers kept telling us to move because we were blocking the way! We couldn't move because there were way too many people everywhere.  Reason #3: The DJ sucked..playing little snips of top 40 hits..lame. Reason #4: Unless you reserve a table do not even plan to sit down and rest or have a drink because there is absolutely no where to sit. Reason #5: Our group got separated and my sister was given a date rape drug here..when she finally found a bouncer to help her he picked her up, carried her to the side of the strip and left her.   She couldn't get up and walk due to the drug she was given.  DO NOT GO HERE..There are  many other nightclubs and lounges in Vegas that are excellent and fun! Don't waste your time.
980	0	Came here with some friends and my husband for brunch and we were disappointed. The only thing I enjoyed was my corned beef hash. Our waitress was cold and short with us, the food was just ok and the prices were way too high! I realize these are fairly large portions but the quality of the food was lacking thus didn't deserve to be this expensive. My friends wanted to go here because they ate here 4 yrs ago and loved it. They were disappointed as well.
1056	1	I'll preface this review with the fact that I am NOT a breakfast person. I don't love anything about it. Except when I visit the Egg & I. And let me tell you ... it became a weekly event after a while.  I can't turn down fresh squeezed OJ. This restaurant has delicious OJ. You should try it at least once. I love their menu. They have interesting combinations, like chicken, pesto, and eggs, and delicious twists on common breakfast dishes, like French toast. I love the scrambles the most, and would  often get the veggie scramble sitting atop ranch potatoes. Slather that mound with hot sauce and call it a day. Expect an exhilerating food coma to follow. The portions are big. I also recommend trying their complimentary banana nut muffin at least once. I don't like muffins or bananas, seriously, but I like theirs. Be adventurous, don't order eggs and a side of bacon. Live it up a little...  Super awesome service. Expect to wait on the weekends for breakfast/brunch, but they have a quick turn-around and great waiters/waitresses. A nice perk to the crowded atmosphere is an egg on the table that you can flip when you require service. On a very busy day it's very helpful to the staff, and don't be afraid to use it! I've always had friendly, impeccable service here ... no complaints. I've brought every out-of-town guest here for breakfast, and we've always left happy. Stop in and give it a try!
1600	0	Okay, honestly this is kind of disappointed buffet experience I have ever had. The foods are just foods, nothing really impressed me. I got 30% off coupon at the outside, but I would rather spend more on better places. For example, the fruit are not sweet and fresh at all.
1628	1	Got to vegas frm san diego this is the first place we came to eat...the place is clean and easy to find..the menu was wonderful..a plus for me was that there was rice...the price were good and the portions were big...are waitress karla was wonderful and very nice started are day off positive....will tell othe
716	1	Has to be the Best Korean BBQ in Las Vegas.  From the time we entered to the time we left everyone and everything was the best. Service, food  ect... Their were four of us we ordered the 4 people meat lovers meal. From the start the food was excellent and then it just keep coming and coming, If you walk away from this table hungry you must not like Korean food. Their is probably more then enough food to feed 5 or 6 people.  This is a must for Korean BBQ. I will be back.
1327	0	I am a cheap bastard sometimes, and my brother is as well so when we saw just off the strip for less than $50 a night over a weekend average price, we thought what the hell. My brother is so cheap that he still wears shirts from when he was in High school, (he is currently 36). Regardless we thought 3 *s (official rating on most websites) all we really need is 2 beds and a bathroom. Well being blunt if this is 3 Stars then I think the box under the bridge with the homeless must rank at least 2 stars! there was no chair for the desk (how did that leave the room?) the decor looked like Jimmy buffet threw up after drinking one too many different colored margaritas, the carpet was just dirty, the bathroom had mold in the corners of the linoleum floor, There was a foot hole kicked through the bathroom door. But the wings at the bar downstairs were good!
379	1	Can Lotus of Siam be summed up? Can it be leveled by a few words? You'd be hard pressed. Try criticizing the best Thai meal of your life, one that you paid less for than almost every Thai dinner you've ever had.   Completely unpretentious, despite an incredible Riesling selection and the most robust and spicy Thai flavors you'll ever come across. Make sure to order Yam Nua, the grilled steak salad with mint and chili.  I am still speechless after my meal, the flavors lingering on my tongue and beckoning me to move to Las Vegas so I can eat here more often. Well, no meal can drive you that far.
1586	1	Loved this place.  Went twice on my latest trip to Vegas and each time was great.  Had the gold standard and the long horn burger and each was fantastic.  The philly cheese steak rolls are to die for, but the artichoke guac is a miss.    Beer selection is off the charts and the servers were attentive and fun.
1814	1	Omg, was there last week and the food is fabulous  delicious and top 3 steak places I have been too. The decor is red-mazing. Went there for an early 4 year wedding anniversary dinner and it was worth every penny. I will definitely be going back on my next trip.the staff is beyond helpful and answer all your questions.   You must try the desserts. Ummmm
1722	0	I seriously don't understand the hype.  I went on an adventure to just to get here, and I was fairly disappointed. The line wrapped around and almost reached the dining tables. The wait just to order took about 30 minutes, and the wait for the food was about an additional 20.  I ordered a bunch of cheese sliders and original sliders to bring back to the hotel for my group of friends. Needless to say, my first White Castle slider will probably be my last White Castle slider. There was nothing special about it, and I definitely was not impressed. The patty was incredibly thin and I don't remember it tasting much like anything.  I will consider trying the one on the east coast, but I will not be returning to this location.
1181	0	This review is not about the food. We didn't get to eat any of it. It's about the service, or lack thereof. When we walked in they said "It's a 20 minute wait, but you can have a drink and sit outside. We'll call out your name." A while later they claimed they had called our names even though we were practically right next to the host stand. When my friend complained about that the hostess basically shushed her. Then we were completely ignored by the wait staff when we finally were sat down. No one stopped by to even say "I'll be with you in a moment."  We finally said "Forget it" and took our business elsewhere.
52	1	This is my favorite place to order Huevos Rancheros. I like that it's made with crispy tortillas and every thing about it is delicious. The very best I have had. The sauce is outstanding! This is not an ordinary Huevos Rancheros. Not typical at all. Try it. Even the employees rave about it.
990	0	The only reason they are getting two stars is because the portions are huge. Other than that, the place is overrated. From the time we sat down, it took 40 minutes to get some of our food- my husband and I waited another 15 minutes to receive ours. The food wasn't great- it was OK. The only reason we came here was because we found a groupon. Unfortunately I felt like it was a waste of money. There are much much better places on the strip to grab breakfast.
1578	1	Accessed through two elevators near the Venetian parking lot (not the Palazzo), this Thomas Keller gem is sure to be a crowd-pleaser whenever one wants to impress an out of town guest on the strip for a classy yet affordable weekend brunch.  They don't take reservations for brunch so getting here early will cut down on the wait time.  I've been here three times with close friends and most recently for my mom's birthday, and the chicken and waffles is what I always recommend.  Having grown up in the South, this is not your soul food variety with fried chicken and sweet waffles as is done at many other places in town, but a wonderful reinvention that showcases the creativity and respect Keller shows towards his ingredients, classical French cooking techniques, and the humble dish from which it is inspired.     The dish is presented at one's table with a perfectly half-roasted chicken with crispy flavorful herb-encrusted skin enclosing impossibly succulent and juicy meat that comes right off the bone.  Despite being laced with with chives and bacon, these savory waffles are light as a feather.  The accompaniments include maple syrup and a Chasseur sauce("hunter's" sauce) made with demi-glace, mushrooms, shallots, and herbs, along with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  Nothing is unintentional as one can feel free to spread a little butter on the waffle, drizzle some maple syrup to finish, and eat it alongside the chicken dipped in the Chasseur...such a complex symphony of flavors that will have your taste-buds doing cartwheels.  Very rarely can a variation on a classic transcend the original, but with someone of Thomas Keller's caliber, I think his rendition does just that.
94	0	Back to my Vegas trip...  We came here after walking around on the strip and aside from the place being super dark I was kind of excited to see what they had to offer.  First we must have came in the back way because I couldn't find the hostess or a server walking about.  Finally tracked one down and after some finagling we got seated upstairs.  The upstairs was nice but we didn't get a good seat to view the strip so we got tucked away in a corner which probably lead us to being ignored for a good 30 mins before we even got our drinks let alone placed our order.  I should have taken the cue to leave then.  We placed our orders and the waiter disappeared for another hour and finally brought back our food.  Seemed he was preoccupied with the lovely ladies in the other part of the restaurant.  I don't blame him, but at least check back once in a while.  We ate and left, the place was decorated well but the food was pretty mediocre.  Disappointing.
463	0	Our room was outdated at least 20 years. All the carpets throughout the halls were terribly stained. Our tv did not work, nor did our phone. Could not call for room service. Had to call out to some nasty Italian food place. Couldn't even sign in to their promised wifi. No one seemed to care!!! Oh yea, plus a resort fee of $15.00 per day! And tax on top of that!!!???!!!  This place is far from a resort. The pool needs to be dug up and resized to accommodate the amount of people and hotel size ratio! I had really looked forward to this little get away, kick back and get a tan. So much for that, very non-appealing....no space! This place is a dive!!!
287	1	For my 500th review, I am happy to write it for Shake Shack. This location is the first Shake Shack in the west coast and hopefully more to come! I am from Los Angeles and just happened to be in Vegas the day Shake Shack had its grand opening. Of course we stopped by to get our grub on! To my surprise, it wasn't a long wait. We waited maybe only 15 minutes and they gave us samples of their vanilla and chocolate concretes which kept me even more happy and satisfied.   This is by far the largest Shake Shack I have ever been to. Lots of ample seating inside and outside. Heating lamps outside for those chilly winter nights. Decor is super modern and yet comfy. Service was great as usual and food was done super quick. This is a very friendly and efficient staff considering it was grand opening and there are sometimes hiccups. But I saw no hiccups. They were all a machine and happily working.  My fiance and I got the Stack Shack which is my personal favorite. I love the cheesy portabello mushroom with my burger. I also normally get their vanilla shake but this time we changed it up and got their special which was the salted caramel shake. I am so glad we did. This shake was phenomenal and so delicious and creamy! It wasn't too sweet. It was just perfection.  Just as a heads up, Shake Shack is technically not connected to a specific hotel. It is located in between NYNY and Monte Carlo. You can't miss it!  Ahh even as I am writing this, I am craving their shakes. Their shakes are phenomenal. Maybe I need to go back to Vegas again very soon. I am so happy west coast finally has a Shake Shack of its own!
1426	0	I went to outside walk up lines.  Service was bad.  Wait was way too long to receive order.  Food (nachos) were literally thrown together.  Looked like mushy mess.  Pretzel was dry and hard.  Frozen hot chocolate was just a shake in a plastic cup you could get anywhere.  Very disappointing.
1302	0	We expected the menu to be a fusion of flavors but really it was just a restaurant offering two different menus in one. Portions were small, food was severely over priced and they served their sodas per bottle. The food quality wasn't good. The shining star was their salsa and chips. The salsa is great, but do yourself a favor and take it to go and pair it with food from somewhere else. The staff is moving your plates and grabbing plates to clear the table while your still eating, but the actual server who takes your order was MIA we had to ask someone to get him for us. It makes enjoying a dinner with your friends and family hard. Get the chips and salsa to go but don't stay and eat.
1324	1	I live in LA, so I go to Vegas pretty often, and since I'm also a Yelp fiend, Lotus of Siam had been on my list for many years. Since I rarely wander off the Strip, I managed to miss it on every trip until a couple months back, when I made the trip with a few friends.  We booked well in advance, but were able to change a table for 3 to a table for 5 the day of our dinner. Our reservation was for 8:30 on a Monday, so probably not a peak time, though the place was very busy the whole time we were there. (You can also walk in, apparently, but it sounds like the waits get long.) The restaurant was in a huge strip mall, with the kind of parking lot ideal for teaching teens to drive, or testing specially modified DeLoreans. The space itself was comfortable--not small for a family-run Thai restaurant in the desert, but not big for what could be Vegas's most hyped off-Strip attraction.  I liked the atmosphere, which was homey but upbeat, with tons of accolades and celebrity photos on the wall (though the only person I recognized was Asian fiend Nick Cage). Ah, the bald boastfulness of accomplished immigrants--I know it well. Service was good, fast and attentive, even as a crowd of dishes created near on our table.  The food was excellent, every bite loaded to bursting with flavor. We ordered a family style feast, and everything was delicious and satisfying in that way that makes you wonder, why eat at fancy restaurants when Thai food is just better? Lotus of Siam outshines most restaurants on the Strip, and its price point is a lot more friendly.  The moo yang was irresistible, a plate of marinated charbroiled pork, tenderly chewy with a caramelized char, served with a homemade spicy dipping sauce. The papaya salad was classic--green papaya, chili, tomato, crushed peanuts, lime juice, fish sauce, sugar--and nicely executed, made with a ton of heat. One of Lotus of Siam's signature dishes, which I'd never had anywhere else, was the garlic prawn. I can see why people talk come here for this--it was utterly addictive, deep fried prawns sauted in a house garlic sauce and topped with ground black pepper. Tons of flavor, and a flaky, chip-like texture. I don't tend to love prawn shells, but these were put to beautiful use.  The bulk of our meal came in the form of curries and carbs. The khao soi was another house specialty--crispy duck on egg noodles in a curry-based sauce, garnished with scallions, lime, and pickled vegetables. This was spectacular, somewhere between a noodle soup and a curry, with a thick, complex sauce that was thin enough to eat by the spoonful. I also loved the kang hung lay, a spicy stewy Northern pork curry. The portion was small, but the contents were rich, the pork cooked so tender it was falling apart in the curry. On the more everyday Thai side of things, I really enjoyed the panang curry with chicken, and the pineapple fried rice was solid.  The check came before we could order dessert--it's possible our server thought we'd had quite enough, which wasn't inaccurate. There's always next time--now that I've been to Lotus of Siam, I'll drag people off the Strip to go back.
505	1	Wanted a special dinner with my beautiful BAE so I made reservations on Open Table. After watching Frozen Fury (LA Kings destroyed the Colorado Avalanche) we took a Uber to the Paris Hotel.  Our table was located upstairs. We had Matthew and Tony for our waiters. Our appetizers were the Gnocchi, Sriracha Roasted Broccoli and the Mac & Cheese. All three were delicious. As you can imagine the presentations were top notch.  Our main entrees were the 8 oz. Filet for me and the American Rib Cap for her. Amazing pieces of beef.   This was my first visit to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. I love his shows (Master Chef, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares) and now I can save I love his food. Can't wait to visit another one of his establishments.
558	0	The absolute worst Vegas hotel I have ever stayed in.  The room was filthy, the hallway was filthy. The entire complex smelled like cigarettes. They tried to mask the smell in the long hallway by installing huge chemical air fresheners that added to the overall stench. The air conditioner was loud and made sporadic noises all night. There were no accessible wall outlets for charging a cell phone. I had to move the bed to reach an outlet. The outlet was literally not connected to the wall and was a fire waiting to happen. If I could give less than 1 star I would. Horrible, horrible, horrible.
